---
channel: General
date: 2026-04-30
duration: 1 minute
participants:
  - Rhys
  - redsquare
speakers:
  - Rhys
  - redsquare
---

# Voice Transcript — #General
📅 2026-04-30 | ⏱ 1 minute

**Participants**: Rhys, redsquare
**Speakers**: Rhys, redsquare

---

**Rhys** *(00:00)*: Hello? Hello? Steve, can you hear me? I think there's some lag. Hey, Steve, can you hear me?

**redsquare** *(00:05)*: Hello. Hello.

**redsquare** *(00:10)*: Exactly. Yeah.

**Rhys** *(00:10)*: I can't hear you. Yeah, I'm not gonna hear you. It's a little bit laggy if it continues like this.

**Rhys** *(00:16)*: We're just jumping to hang out or something. I mean, I'm in a bit of a rabbit hole with

**redsquare** *(00:19)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(00:23)*: with memory and I was like, I need some emotional support.

**Rhys** *(00:32)*: Last week, I ref-did. I'm hearing myself. Can we jump into a good program?

**Rhys** *(00:39)*: Let me send you a link.

---

*Transcribed with faster-whisper (base)*


---

---
channel: General
date: 2026-04-30
duration: 33 minutes
participants:
  - Rhys
  - ShaunThresher
speakers:
  - ShaunThresher
---

# Voice Transcript — #General
📅 2026-04-30 | ⏱ 33 minutes

**Participants**: Rhys, ShaunThresher
**Speakers**: ShaunThresher

---

**ShaunThresher** *(00:02)*: Hey, hey, hey, yeah, interesting stuff.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:07)*: So I went like a day late or something.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:10)*: What are you using to have a call of the client?

**ShaunThresher** *(00:12)*: Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:13)*: Nice.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:14)*: I used to call him with that Google Meet.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:16)*: But what do you call, I mean, what is your video?

**ShaunThresher** *(00:19)*: What are you calling him with?

**ShaunThresher** *(00:20)*: Zoom, Google Meet.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:22)*: And this extension works, and it's just transcribed

**ShaunThresher** *(00:24)*: to everything.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:24)*: Yes, smart.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:26)*: I'm not, yeah, I'll take it.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:28)*: I'm not paying for anything, actually.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:29)*: I just use one of the, I just add them

**ShaunThresher** *(00:31)*: or whatever the hell I got hooked up.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:33)*: Does it ask them for permission?

**ShaunThresher** *(00:34)*: Does it say, hey, this thing's

**ShaunThresher** *(00:35)*: joined at the conversation, or do you

**ShaunThresher** *(00:37)*: just record it in the background?

**ShaunThresher** *(00:38)*: That's much better.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:39)*: So disruptive.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:40)*: When it's like, oh, your meeting's being recorded.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:42)*: Like, oh, I don't know if I want that or not.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:43)*: I mean, you come and be kind of accustomed to it, but yeah,

**ShaunThresher** *(00:46)*: interesting.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:47)*: Yeah, yeah, yeah, and they can't protect against it.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:51)*: You can do all you can, but they can still, it's still.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:53)*: They can still crack it.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:54)*: Yeah, I mean, there's a set of guidelines.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:56)*: And outside of that, you just like at the mercy

**ShaunThresher** *(00:58)*: of like, can they break your system?

**ShaunThresher** *(01:00)*: I think, do you use Google Gmail for your email

**ShaunThresher** *(01:03)*: communication?

**ShaunThresher** *(01:04)*: I think you can download that.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:05)*: I think there's like a way to like download all that.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:07)*: You can just like push it out to your second brain.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:09)*: You know, it's like digest it.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:10)*: You could probably set up something where you're like,

**ShaunThresher** *(01:12)*: you may have to manually be like, just download it.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:15)*: Everything for the past right now has come.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:17)*: It's probably massive, but if you did that in this process

**ShaunThresher** *(01:20)*: and then you do like once a month or whatever,

**ShaunThresher** *(01:22)*: it's probably not that big of a deal.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:24)*: Oh, I've heard much about that to be honest.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:26)*: I mean, other ones I heard they just hook it up

**ShaunThresher** *(01:28)*: and go for it.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:29)*: The one layer I've heard is they just think they will

**ShaunThresher** *(01:31)*: be separate account away from your personal account, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(01:34)*: They will send whatever transaction they have to go in there

**ShaunThresher** *(01:36)*: and I think I'm handling that way.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:38)*: So it's more like a secretary, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(01:39)*: So it's more like they logs what your communication is

**ShaunThresher** *(01:43)*: and tells you who to follow up with.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:44)*: So it's like filtering your messaging

**ShaunThresher** *(01:46)*: rather than like being like an actual

**ShaunThresher** *(01:48)*: thing is going to follow up on your behalf.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:49)*: You should have to check that because it's like,

**ShaunThresher** *(01:51)*: they're going to write shit that you want

**ShaunThresher** *(01:52)*: like people talking about, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(01:55)*: Or I just haven't fucking do everything else

**ShaunThresher** *(01:56)*: and I take care of that myself.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:59)*: I mean, I don't have so many emails.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:03)*: It's like that's much a hassle.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:04)*: I mean, if I did, I mean, I haven't passed

**ShaunThresher** *(02:06)*: when I was doing some project management.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:07)*: That was paying the ass.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:08)*: That would've been nice to have AI.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:10)*: But again, if you set up, I didn't know how to use

**ShaunThresher** *(02:12)*: email like great back then.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:13)*: If you set it up right, you've got automations

**ShaunThresher** *(02:15)*: and it's filtering into like certain boxes

**ShaunThresher** *(02:17)*: and you're like tagging priorities.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:18)*: You have all that shit set up.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:19)*: You're not being lazy ass.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:20)*: You know, it's much more manageable.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:22)*: So I'll get up.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:24)*: I got both.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:25)*: It could, but I think I almost think

**ShaunThresher** *(02:27)*: that Claude has set up.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:28)*: That's why you got to like constantly log in.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:30)*: I almost think that's like a safeguard against that.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:33)*: You're token as an expired case.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:34)*: Anything that's asked you to log in again?

**ShaunThresher** *(02:36)*: No, for Claude.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:38)*: Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:39)*: I don't know.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:40)*: I haven't really had an, I don't know.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:41)*: I'm just like, if they, yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:44)*: I don't put them in.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:44)*: Yeah, I'm very, no, no, I don't do that.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:46)*: I don't put any of that in my history.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:48)*: I'm very careful about that.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:49)*: It's always, it's always put in the proper file

**ShaunThresher** *(02:52)*: I never pasted in a cloud.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:53)*: I don't ever do that.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:55)*: I'm very disciplined about like where I expose keys

**ShaunThresher** *(02:57)*: and all that.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:58)*: And I'm always like, hey, you know, even if Claude's like, hey,

**ShaunThresher** *(03:00)*: just keep me the key.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:01)*: I'll fix it.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:02)*: And I'm like, no, we're not going to do that.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:03)*: Either it's through like a terminal and we'll update the key chain

**ShaunThresher** *(03:07)*: or we'll go up with the credential.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:09)*: Sometimes it's a major pain in the ass to do that sometimes.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:11)*: Because if I've got open-cloth locked down,

**ShaunThresher** *(03:14)*: I've got to go into my server and go into the fucking,

**ShaunThresher** *(03:17)*: the terminal after getting my password.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:19)*: It can be paying the password or even like up the API key.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:23)*: No, it doesn't read, it doesn't read.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:25)*: It's just, I suppose it could.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:28)*: Shit, probably.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:29)*: I mean, I wouldn't put it against them.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:31)*: I mean, I mean, how do you get the fucking pretty good

**ShaunThresher** *(03:33)*: against everything?

**ShaunThresher** *(03:34)*: The biggest thing is like, so you don't expose those two,

**ShaunThresher** *(03:37)*: you don't expose those to GitHub, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(03:39)*: So they're not on GitHub.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:40)*: That's why you put them in the dotty and VFile.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:42)*: Oh, no, I didn't want to go on a rabbit.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:43)*: Are you going to get a shit out of me?

**ShaunThresher** *(03:45)*: Ha, ha, ha, ha.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:47)*: That is, that is a very much a vulnerable area having

**ShaunThresher** *(03:51)*: all your crap on GitHub.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:52)*: Because David has been, has count band on GitHub,

**ShaunThresher** *(03:56)*: like they just shut it down.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:57)*: And that would be a, I mean, I do have all my shit locally,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:00)*: but it would be just a pain to take to get that back up

**ShaunThresher** *(04:02)*: and going again, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(04:03)*: So you definitely should have like an alternative source,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:05)*: whether it's, you know, super beige or whatever

**ShaunThresher** *(04:08)*: you decide to go with, you just somewhere is still your files,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:09)*: even if it's fucking workspace.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:12)*: Yeah, I mean, gets nothing special.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:14)*: The thing about it is you've got versioning

**ShaunThresher** *(04:16)*: and you can like, remember like,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:17)*: roll shit back when you break it.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:18)*: That's, that's the thing about Git.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:20)*: Yeah, I'm just tedious.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:22)*: Which one was that?

**ShaunThresher** *(04:23)*: Oh, I've looked on, I haven't had anything great.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:25)*: It's been working like this.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:27)*: Again, I don't think that's the like the needle mover for me.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:30)*: It's more like figure out the proper architecture

**ShaunThresher** *(04:33)*: of how like cloud's supposed to operate

**ShaunThresher** *(04:35)*: and like fixing all the shit with that.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:37)*: And that's really helped the biggest help for me,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:38)*: to be honest, sitting up your cloud and ePriple file,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:41)*: sitting up the files in your dot cloud directory properly.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:45)*: Right. So it's reading the rules and all that.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:47)*: And it's not, you're not like putting a bunch of crap in there.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:50)*: That's probably the biggest one for me.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:52)*: Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:53)*: It's the, I mean, I have to go back and check it.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:55)*: I mean, I assume it's kind of working.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:57)*: I haven't had any like big projects

**ShaunThresher** *(04:58)*: where I really needed like some,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:59)*: a ton of media content.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:01)*: It's, I haven't checked it,

**ShaunThresher** *(05:03)*: but it's supposed to be open my agents write

**ShaunThresher** *(05:07)*: our social media post,

**ShaunThresher** *(05:08)*: which the quality has been excellent here recently.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:10)*: So I think it's a combination of like,

**ShaunThresher** *(05:12)*: like getting the doctor's digital fingerprint dialed in

**ShaunThresher** *(05:15)*: and then giving a better access

**ShaunThresher** *(05:16)*: to his backend content, which are the books.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:19)*: Right. So it's really getting a dialed in.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:20)*: It's getting like specific details in there.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:22)*: It's also able to go back and verify

**ShaunThresher** *(05:24)*: if I have questions about some of the claims

**ShaunThresher** *(05:26)*: that's giving us.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:27)*: So yeah, that probably,

**ShaunThresher** *(05:31)*: it's probably the biggest one

**ShaunThresher** *(05:32)*: with the mental health update

**ShaunThresher** *(05:33)*: because that allows the system to use like MCP

**ShaunThresher** *(05:35)*: to like search your ND files.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:38)*: Which one is that?

**ShaunThresher** *(05:39)*: You know what the thing is about these memory systems

**ShaunThresher** *(05:40)*: to be honest with what I've been seeing?

**ShaunThresher** *(05:42)*: It's like once you have like a high quality system set up.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:45)*: Right. Like you, you,

**ShaunThresher** *(05:47)*: like either what I've got or what you've got.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:49)*: So it's, there's like self learning built into it.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:52)*: Maybe not automated, but whatever.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:53)*: It's not a big deal to put like a command in there.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:55)*: What you get to have is no big deal.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:57)*: And I think that solves a lot of the memory systems

**ShaunThresher** *(05:59)*: to be honest, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(06:00)*: Like the biggest thing is like,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:01)*: even if you do have the memory system,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:03)*: how are you,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:04)*: how are you wiring into your agents

**ShaunThresher** *(06:06)*: and to your skill sets?

**ShaunThresher** *(06:09)*: Right.

**ShaunThresher** *(06:09)*: I think that's the biggest bottleneck right now.

**ShaunThresher** *(06:10)*: You have to make sure that it's working properly.

**ShaunThresher** *(06:12)*: You have to constantly check it

**ShaunThresher** *(06:13)*: because all the LMs are constantly updating.

**ShaunThresher** *(06:16)*: You know, they just,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:17)*: just the output is not,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:18)*: it's not that great, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(06:19)*: Because at that point, the,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:20)*: it depends how you've instructed your system

**ShaunThresher** *(06:23)*: to like review these memory systems

**ShaunThresher** *(06:25)*: just because you have these systems like,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:26)*: maybe actually it probably stores everything

**ShaunThresher** *(06:28)*: you've ever said in your life.

**ShaunThresher** *(06:30)*: But if none of your agents

**ShaunThresher** *(06:31)*: or none of your skills are aware of that,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:33)*: or they don't know how to use it properly, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(06:35)*: It's worthless.

**ShaunThresher** *(06:36)*: Yep, yep.

**ShaunThresher** *(06:38)*: But I think there's also like what improves over time.

**ShaunThresher** *(06:41)*: Well, yeah, I mean, example, example is like the version

**ShaunThresher** *(06:46)*: of second brain I have now compared to what I had,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:48)*: you know, three months ago is much different, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(06:51)*: So like the way I interact with it,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:54)*: like the playbook for that would be evolved, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(06:57)*: So if I don't have the system that's gonna catch all of that,

**ShaunThresher** *(07:00)*: you know, I would still be operating on whatever version

**ShaunThresher** *(07:02)*: is in between day one and day in today, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(07:05)*: So you have to have something in there

**ShaunThresher** *(07:06)*: that's like, we'll just call it like self learning

**ShaunThresher** *(07:07)*: just for lack of explanation

**ShaunThresher** *(07:08)*: but you have to have an intermemory system.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:10)*: You have something that's gonna be

**ShaunThresher** *(07:10)*: keep updating over time, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(07:13)*: You get better.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:14)*: They've learned your techniques.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:15)*: Some techniques were foolish and they don't work.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:18)*: Which goes back to you're like, what to forget?

**ShaunThresher** *(07:21)*: I mean, again, you have to be very disciplined about that.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:22)*: I think people are treating,

**ShaunThresher** *(07:24)*: I think people are treating the memory system

**ShaunThresher** *(07:27)*: like they're garage.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:28)*: They just store every second there.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:29)*: And if you're like seeing people,

**ShaunThresher** *(07:30)*: it would miss you as garage is like a bike in the corner.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:33)*: There's like the Christmas tree over there, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(07:35)*: There's like the oil stain over there

**ShaunThresher** *(07:36)*: and there's like the kitty later in the corner.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:38)*: You know, you go in there like, what the hell is this?

**ShaunThresher** *(07:41)*: And then you expect the LLM to go in there

**ShaunThresher** *(07:44)*: and operate like a form of one team.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:45)*: And it's not gonna happen.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:47)*: And then you're bitching on slack

**ShaunThresher** *(07:49)*: and you're bitching on what's up like, oh my God.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:52)*: Can you believe how much plot is declined to performance?

**ShaunThresher** *(07:56)*: I'm like, did you look in your garage?

**ShaunThresher** *(07:57)*: Because I had a shitty garage.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:59)*: I fixed it and that works actually.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:00)*: That's a bad thing.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:02)*: That is a bad, bad thing.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:03)*: And I'll explain because I've got to a situation

**ShaunThresher** *(08:06)*: where like I would like to hire somebody

**ShaunThresher** *(08:07)*: but I can't because I have to teach about your system.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:10)*: All my stuff is in the open, is in second brain, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(08:13)*: I'm like, hey, maybe they could write

**ShaunThresher** *(08:14)*: some social media platforms

**ShaunThresher** *(08:15)*: but if they don't know my system,

**ShaunThresher** *(08:17)*: even if you type in the perfect prompt or whatever,

**ShaunThresher** *(08:22)*: it's not gonna cut out perfect.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:23)*: It's not how AI does it all the time.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:25)*: You have to know how to like fix things when they break.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:27)*: Like the memory, like activity from the client project

**ShaunThresher** *(08:32)*: into a shared resource.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:36)*: I haven't got that granular yet.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:38)*: I'm at this point and I was like,

**ShaunThresher** *(08:39)*: I have to figure out how to put some sort of like training

**ShaunThresher** *(08:42)*: manual or just make it easier to use.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:44)*: It's very, it's way too technical

**ShaunThresher** *(08:45)*: for most people to use it, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(08:47)*: It's like when you go to your friend's house

**ShaunThresher** *(08:48)*: and you want to turn the TV on

**ShaunThresher** *(08:50)*: and there's like two remote,

**ShaunThresher** *(08:51)*: you know how to use remote control

**ShaunThresher** *(08:52)*: but he's got a program through his own taste, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(08:54)*: And you're like, how do I turn this thing on?

**ShaunThresher** *(08:55)*: You know, how do I turn on Netflix?

**ShaunThresher** *(08:57)*: Yeah, there's a button bell, I mean, whatever.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:59)*: You know, maybe you can't forget a login or whatever.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:00)*: That's the same thing.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:02)*: I mean, honestly, if you're gonna go that route,

**ShaunThresher** *(09:05)*: I think the way evil did with second brain

**ShaunThresher** *(09:06)*: or like that memory stuff's kind of on you

**ShaunThresher** *(09:08)*: and you just like keep it very simple bare bones,

**ShaunThresher** *(09:12)*: it's just plug in to GitHub and it called it a day, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(09:16)*: And I think that would remove a lot of responsibility

**ShaunThresher** *(09:18)*: because you're gonna be flooded with.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:19)*: I'm even seeing it now, like I bought David's

**ShaunThresher** *(09:22)*: second brain system and they're still figuring

**ShaunThresher** *(09:24)*: how it works.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:25)*: It's very complicated to get the thing working, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(09:26)*: It broke when I was trying to like go through

**ShaunThresher** *(09:28)*: the onboarding and then like updating me on it

**ShaunThresher** *(09:30)*: and David's like, oh, we'll get back to you

**ShaunThresher** *(09:31)*: and I like, what a pain in the ass.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:33)*: Like the bare bones.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:34)*: The bare bones second brain onboarding was so much easier.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:37)*: It was just like, there wasn't always technical crap.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:39)*: You're not logging into a dashboard.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:40)*: It's like, hey,

**ShaunThresher** *(09:41)*: here's the system how it works, here's 10 agents,

**ShaunThresher** *(09:43)*: here's 15 skills.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:46)*: It's just use these 12 commands and there you go.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:49)*: That's the problem.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:52)*: You know what I'm seeing on my memory system

**ShaunThresher** *(09:54)*: now that you're asking me about it is,

**ShaunThresher** *(09:57)*: so the second brain is self-learning.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:59)*: Like there's a command in there

**ShaunThresher** *(10:01)*: and it kind of reviews your context window

**ShaunThresher** *(10:03)*: and it pulls out what you worked on.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:05)*: Now, I've got to the point where it will give me a prompt

**ShaunThresher** *(10:10)*: and it will say, hey, these are the things

**ShaunThresher** *(10:11)*: that pulled out of this.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:12)*: You can either save them to memory or not

**ShaunThresher** *(10:13)*: are these important?

**ShaunThresher** *(10:15)*: And you'll say yes or no and it will update it.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:17)*: And then it goes back and never meet

**ShaunThresher** *(10:19)*: and it reads that log, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(10:21)*: There's like, wherever there's, you know,

**ShaunThresher** *(10:22)*: however many members you have sitting there

**ShaunThresher** *(10:24)*: and it will say, so this one workflow

**ShaunThresher** *(10:26)*: was relevant to whatever.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:27)*: I'm working on a paid ad app.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:30)*: So it's like this last time you tried to use a paid ad app,

**ShaunThresher** *(10:33)*: these three things happened, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(10:34)*: So this is going to update that thing.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:36)*: You see they're going to remove some things

**ShaunThresher** *(10:37)*: or update them or make it, you know,

**ShaunThresher** *(10:39)*: expand what are you have there?

**ShaunThresher** *(10:40)*: So it's like an ongoing process.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:43)*: And I think that's where it's at, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(10:44)*: You have to be very meticulous about

**ShaunThresher** *(10:46)*: how that process works once you have a memory

**ShaunThresher** *(10:49)*: and again, like you mentioned before,

**ShaunThresher** *(10:50)*: I think people are just, they're not going to be disciplined.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:53)*: That is when you use it.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:56)*: I think we're very close to that.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:57)*: Like I see how much is the operates

**ShaunThresher** *(10:59)*: and just like a 4.7 and like cloud 4.0 is 4.7

**ShaunThresher** *(11:02)*: is getting a lot better.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:04)*: It's like, it's like learning how I work, to be honest,

**ShaunThresher** *(11:07)*: that's what's happened.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:08)*: It's like watching me, seeing my patterns,

**ShaunThresher** *(11:10)*: it's seeing what it replies to something

**ShaunThresher** *(11:13)*: and it's deciphering like, hey, you know,

**ShaunThresher** *(11:15)*: yesterday you were probably this way.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:17)*: You know, it's catching those patterns there.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:20)*: And it's like teaching itself how it worked.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:22)*: Yeah, yeah, I'm going to open it first.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:26)*: I wonder how are you?

**ShaunThresher** *(11:27)*: There you are.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:28)*: It's pretty fast.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:31)*: I don't look at it too often in the honest.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:34)*: You want to see the fill?

**ShaunThresher** *(11:36)*: Yeah, yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:38)*: There's another one.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:39)*: Right, so it's getting great.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:40)*: It's moving up.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:41)*: It's pushing into a workflow pattern, et cetera.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:42)*: So it's updating.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:43)*: This is the memory capture that it's grabbing,

**ShaunThresher** *(11:45)*: it's grabbing like the basics here

**ShaunThresher** *(11:47)*: and it's pushing this over to a workflow

**ShaunThresher** *(11:49)*: so we can use like whatever it learned in the future.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:51)*: Yeah, that's what I was mentioning earlier

**ShaunThresher** *(11:53)*: is when you, I'm seeing it like, that's where I,

**ShaunThresher** *(11:56)*: that's what I was saying.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:57)*: It's like learning how I work.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:58)*: It's seen like the nuances and how,

**ShaunThresher** *(12:01)*: where I'm correcting it, right, without telling it to fix things.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:04)*: That's where I'm seeing the difference

**ShaunThresher** *(12:05)*: in 4.7 right now is like it will go through

**ShaunThresher** *(12:06)*: and it was like, maybe I'll edit a piece of content

**ShaunThresher** *(12:09)*: for a social media post and it says,

**ShaunThresher** *(12:11)*: oh, hey, I noticed that you changed these,

**ShaunThresher** *(12:13)*: this like this hook on the last three,

**ShaunThresher** *(12:16)*: whatever, last over the last three days, right.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:18)*: You want me to save this as like a new update to hook

**ShaunThresher** *(12:20)*: and that's where I'm seeing that happening.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:22)*: Or it will say, or it will say if I'm working on app

**ShaunThresher** *(12:26)*: or something and hey, I've noticed this issue

**ShaunThresher** *(12:29)*: with an API that's happened three times, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(12:31)*: What do you want to do at this point?

**ShaunThresher** *(12:32)*: In what way?

**ShaunThresher** *(12:33)*: Probably not, I don't know.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:37)*: I don't know.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:40)*: Oh yeah, I do that all the time.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:42)*: I do that all the time.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:45)*: I mean, it's more of a manual process

**ShaunThresher** *(12:47)*: because it's I'm doing things in a certain way,

**ShaunThresher** *(12:49)*: but I would, if I just did that with the client budget.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:53)*: So before I get to that,

**ShaunThresher** *(12:54)*: my observation is like the fire scene right now

**ShaunThresher** *(12:57)*: is more like observability, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(12:59)*: And you're asking me to just think it updated.

**ShaunThresher** *(13:02)*: It does it.

**ShaunThresher** *(13:02)*: So what I've seen is like if there's something

**ShaunThresher** *(13:05)*: happening in the system, I will go back

**ShaunThresher** *(13:07)*: and I will ask this thing, like why are you why are you breaking?

**ShaunThresher** *(13:10)*: Why is this workflow not working?

**ShaunThresher** *(13:11)*: It'll go back and it will like

**ShaunThresher** *(13:13)*: kind of reverse engineer what happened to get there.

**ShaunThresher** *(13:15)*: It was like, hey, you know, back on,

**ShaunThresher** *(13:16)*: let's just go back this file here on day two here

**ShaunThresher** *(13:20)*: for this memory session.

**ShaunThresher** *(13:22)*: This is what you had recorded and I didn't read that file.

**ShaunThresher** *(13:25)*: Let me go see what happened.

**ShaunThresher** *(13:26)*: And it goes back and it looks at like the agent files

**ShaunThresher** *(13:29)*: and they're like your skills and it kind of troubles you

**ShaunThresher** *(13:31)*: to self's like why did it not read this certain file

**ShaunThresher** *(13:33)*: to get the information needed?

**ShaunThresher** *(13:34)*: So it's like almost like observability.

**ShaunThresher** *(13:36)*: And that's where I found it helps.

**ShaunThresher** *(13:38)*: And I think what you're talking about is like,

**ShaunThresher** *(13:40)*: again, I think there's a couple of types of memory.

**ShaunThresher** *(13:42)*: I think like you said,

**ShaunThresher** *(13:43)*: the people need to sort everything

**ShaunThresher** *(13:44)*: and I think that's not gonna work with LOMs

**ShaunThresher** *(13:46)*: because they need to find certain things.

**ShaunThresher** *(13:48)*: And I think you need to have like a short-term memory pool

**ShaunThresher** *(13:51)*: like crappy work on right now.

**ShaunThresher** *(13:53)*: Like you need to have like maybe like an index of like,

**ShaunThresher** *(13:55)*: for example, the doctor, he has like a content index.

**ShaunThresher** *(13:58)*: I need to pull information to write content right now for that.

**ShaunThresher** *(14:01)*: That's fine, that's just like a one type of memory.

**ShaunThresher** *(14:04)*: So it's just like you have this pool of where you're accessing them.

**ShaunThresher** *(14:09)*: And then you have like this other pool will call it

**ShaunThresher** *(14:11)*: like your workflows and your actions.

**ShaunThresher** *(14:13)*: And then that's how your AI operates based on your,

**ShaunThresher** *(14:16)*: what are you doing right now?

**ShaunThresher** *(14:17)*: Your behaviors and like your habits, et cetera.

**ShaunThresher** *(14:20)*: And I think that's the one to be very cognitive of like,

**ShaunThresher** *(14:23)*: how did your AI,

**ShaunThresher** *(14:24)*: because you're actually gonna evolve over time, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(14:26)*: You're gonna find bugs, you're gonna fix them.

**ShaunThresher** *(14:27)*: You're gonna add in new repos,

**ShaunThresher** *(14:30)*: you're gonna add memory system, blah, blah, blah, whatever, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(14:32)*: You're adding skills, like your system's much, much different than mine.

**ShaunThresher** *(14:34)*: It's almost like, again, like a fingerprint.

**ShaunThresher** *(14:36)*: So, and it's gonna operate differently

**ShaunThresher** *(14:39)*: because you've troubleshooting things differently,

**ShaunThresher** *(14:41)*: you fix bugs differently than I have, et cetera, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(14:43)*: And then that's where the difference is.

**ShaunThresher** *(14:45)*: So if you know how to operate that,

**ShaunThresher** *(14:47)*: we'll call it like the past 30, 60 days of,

**ShaunThresher** *(14:51)*: what's the word I'm looking for here, of habits, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(14:54)*: And you keep that up to date,

**ShaunThresher** *(14:56)*: I think that's where you'll get to the most magic, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(14:59)*: So it's always moving, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(15:00)*: It's like on a sliding scale,

**ShaunThresher** *(15:01)*: just like this post, the 60's made me too long.

**ShaunThresher** *(15:04)*: It's more like two to four weeks, honestly.

**ShaunThresher** *(15:07)*: I got to share about it real quick.

**ShaunThresher** *(15:09)*: I know we're getting to a discussion deep in the way.

**ShaunThresher** *(15:10)*: This is actually really good.

**ShaunThresher** *(15:11)*: I've never thought about it in this way before.

**ShaunThresher** *(15:13)*: I got to share about, I promised my daughter,

**ShaunThresher** *(15:14)*: we had to go pick up a gift for Mother's Day.

**ShaunThresher** *(15:16)*: I got to go pick that up.

**ShaunThresher** *(15:17)*: We can catch up later again if you're around.

**ShaunThresher** *(15:19)*: Okay, bye, bye.

---

*Transcribed with faster-whisper (base)*
