---
channel: General
date: 2026-04-22
duration: 1 minute
participants:
  - Rhys
  - ShaunThresher
speakers:
  - Rhys
  - ShaunThresher
---

# Voice Transcript — #General
📅 2026-04-22 | ⏱ 1 minute

**Participants**: Rhys, ShaunThresher
**Speakers**: Rhys, ShaunThresher

---

**Rhys** *(00:00)*: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.

**Rhys** *(00:04)*: How's it going?

**Rhys** *(00:04)*: The bike.

**Rhys** *(00:06)*: The bike's cool.

**Rhys** *(00:06)*: I've been cycling more and more.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:07)*: Hey, what's going on?

**Rhys** *(00:09)*: I did an 80 kilometer ride on the weekend.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:10)*: Oh, man, be the stop.

**Rhys** *(00:12)*: And the under 55 kilometer ride yesterday, no, I wish.

**Rhys** *(00:16)*: It takes me three hours.

**Rhys** *(00:17)*: I'm hitting mountain bike trails.

**Rhys** *(00:19)*: But it comes quite quickly.

**Rhys** *(00:24)*: It was only a month ago that I was struggling to ride 20 kilometers.

**Rhys** *(00:27)*: Yeah, it's just a matter of getting in the reps.

**Rhys** *(00:30)*: comes quite quickly. But I ripped pieces, the second brain memory end of now basically

**Rhys** *(00:41)*: just like finished deploying the new version. I'm going to like keep that back from the

**Rhys** *(00:46)*: base OS. I'm going to keep like MCP apps. Okay. Is it there?

---

*Transcribed with faster-whisper (base)*


---

---
channel: General
date: 2026-04-22
duration: 30 minutes
participants:
  - Rhys
  - ShaunThresher
speakers:
  - Rhys
  - ShaunThresher
---

# Voice Transcript — #General
📅 2026-04-22 | ⏱ 30 minutes

**Participants**: Rhys, ShaunThresher
**Speakers**: Rhys, ShaunThresher

---

**Rhys** *(00:03)*: This, do you mean this MCP apps? They're saying here. Yeah, I'll put it in chat.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:05)*: Sorry about that.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:06)*: I got a bunch out of my links.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:09)*: I put it in chat with you.

**Rhys** *(00:10)*: Yeah, it's the same logo and I have a look at it because what I've migrated to is I've met I've completely moved away from

**ShaunThresher** *(00:11)*: Very nice to see you stream on that.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:12)*: For mcp, it's like the mcp to call.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:16)*: It lives at that's, which side it gave you.

**Rhys** *(00:18)*: the markdown structure

**ShaunThresher** *(00:19)*: That's what I got.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:20)*: I think it was pulling there or whatever.

**Rhys** *(00:21)*: Instead, I've got a graph database

**ShaunThresher** *(00:21)*: Anyways, they can't like a new model to use it.

**Rhys** *(00:23)*: I'm doing a whole bunch of fancy stuff to like create context around how memories are

**ShaunThresher** *(00:24)*: No, that's not it.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:26)*: Well, yeah, but I mean, that's where mcp comes from.

**Rhys** *(00:28)*: associated with one another and then doing a mixture of both semantic search and normal search

**ShaunThresher** *(00:29)*: I don't know.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:30)*: Yeah, that looks like it could be it.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:31)*: That's just like the SDK for spinning up mcp's, right?

**Rhys** *(00:34)*: That's already like improving the results and and the plans are coming back stronger just on like some initial tests that I've ran

**ShaunThresher** *(00:37)*: This just came out.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:38)*: It came out like a week ago, the app version of it.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:41)*: And if I'm understanding it properly,

**Rhys** *(00:43)*: Where things are getting interest? Yeah, I had to think it's about the difference

**ShaunThresher** *(00:44)*: I think you can just have a small environment

**ShaunThresher** *(00:47)*: like a specific workflow.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:48)*: And that's how it like optimizes.

**Rhys** *(00:49)*: That's an interesting that's an interesting thought I was thinking about something similar. I was running a DSPY

**ShaunThresher** *(00:50)*: As you can say, hey, you're specific.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:51)*: You just look at this, like your memory file, whatever,

**ShaunThresher** *(00:54)*: your memory bank, and you're going to search it

**Rhys** *(00:56)*: Last night actually that was pretty very similar to that at least I was building towards doing that

**ShaunThresher** *(00:56)*: in a certain way.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:58)*: I'm not spaining that great.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:59)*: Go look at it.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:00)*: Everything this would help with your memory system.

**Rhys** *(01:01)*: I wanted to like figure out how it could like

**ShaunThresher** *(01:03)*: I don't know.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:05)*: Do you have any models?

**Rhys** *(01:05)*: Think of new ways of prompting the memories

**Rhys** *(01:09)*: Based on yeah, I never made the connection between it with David's mental model thing. That's really interesting

**ShaunThresher** *(01:09)*: I don't know.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:12)*: You can't even suggest it.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:13)*: Depending on the use case for that, I would suggest,

**Rhys** *(01:16)*: That's really interesting like I think you're like you were on to something last week when you decided to like

**ShaunThresher** *(01:16)*: like, again, I'm going to circle back

**ShaunThresher** *(01:18)*: to this one with mental models.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:19)*: If you've been like wired in,

**ShaunThresher** *(01:20)*: like part of the decision making process

**ShaunThresher** *(01:23)*: and it's like you wired a couple of mental models,

**Rhys** *(01:23)*: tear your memory system apart and figure out how to rebuild it together and make it better

**ShaunThresher** *(01:25)*: you've got to use the ones that you've had.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:26)*: You can call it grown, whatever.

**Rhys** *(01:27)*: There's I think that what I'm realizing is that

**ShaunThresher** *(01:27)*: If you could just have to think about things

**ShaunThresher** *(01:29)*: in a different way, right?

**Rhys** *(01:30)*: Whenever you're building an agent and an agent can be like the broadest term could be a system of multiple agents

**ShaunThresher** *(01:30)*: I think that would be very useful.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:32)*: That's where the point I was saying was,

**ShaunThresher** *(01:33)*: it's like you said you had you set it up

**Rhys** *(01:35)*: Right, but to get it working usually involves some

**ShaunThresher** *(01:36)*: so you have like the semantics search

**ShaunThresher** *(01:37)*: and like distributional searching,

**ShaunThresher** *(01:38)*: you're going to have to make like different connections.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:40)*: I think it's not just the searching.

**Rhys** *(01:41)*: Some crafting of the memory system. I mean that's it. It's context engineering

**ShaunThresher** *(01:42)*: It's the way the model is thinking

**ShaunThresher** *(01:45)*: while it's searching is what's going to be beneficial.

**Rhys** *(01:45)*: Basically, that is the magic of like without the right context these things don't function very well

**ShaunThresher** *(01:47)*: So like, for example, if you tell a creative person

**ShaunThresher** *(01:50)*: to look up something, they're going

**ShaunThresher** *(01:50)*: to find something different.

**Rhys** *(01:51)*: So how do you they work like crap? Yeah interesting Mike was telling me yesterday

**ShaunThresher** *(01:51)*: It's like a very technical person.

**Rhys** *(01:57)*: But he's running some experiments running DSPY on the on which file was he talking about it was not the Claude MD file

**ShaunThresher** *(02:03)*: I mean, I can do it because I've used it

**Rhys** *(02:04)*: It was the index was it the index file index file like the the file that becomes a bit of a index for all the other files

**ShaunThresher** *(02:05)*: and I've seen the way it usuallyizes it.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:07)*: And when you break down things

**ShaunThresher** *(02:08)*: and when you use like the skill to invoke it,

**Rhys** *(02:13)*: Like he was like it was running DSPY on that how to make it easier for the agents to then go and find but like what like

**ShaunThresher** *(02:14)*: that whatever the directory of the meta models

**ShaunThresher** *(02:16)*: is interesting up, breaks it down.

**Rhys** *(02:20)*: I mean what we're all kind of trying to build a library

**Rhys** *(02:24)*: Yeah, the index file. I think it was the index file. Yeah, but what I've been also doing is running DSPY on

**ShaunThresher** *(02:29)*: At all, it works like crap.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:31)*: And you think it worked good.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:32)*: It's funny though, because I'm good at the point

**Rhys** *(02:33)*: on

**ShaunThresher** *(02:34)*: where like, I think like context engineering

**Rhys** *(02:34)*: different

**Rhys** *(02:35)*: compression

**ShaunThresher** *(02:37)*: is like seasoning, right?

**Rhys** *(02:37)*: techniques

**Rhys** *(02:38)*: How to compress memories and then seeing how the memories

**ShaunThresher** *(02:38)*: You kind of got your own flavor.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:39)*: It's not coming to conclusion coming to you.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:41)*: Like there's no right or wrong way to do it.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:42)*: If it's like whatever you kind of visit your workflow.

**Rhys** *(02:43)*: Compete like how how the different compression levels

**ShaunThresher** *(02:44)*: The other thing is is like, you don't know

**ShaunThresher** *(02:46)*: what you don't know out of scenario, right?

**Rhys** *(02:47)*: Influence the impact of the planning and initially it was like if you compressed a little bit like 20% the plan started losing

**ShaunThresher** *(02:47)*: Where your system could have like,

**ShaunThresher** *(02:50)*: not working efficiently is efficiently

**ShaunThresher** *(02:51)*: as it could be working.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:52)*: And you just don't know it.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:53)*: Like that was my case.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:55)*: And what maybe go back and look at my system was like,

**Rhys** *(02:57)*: Using detail. So I was like, you know what I would rather not save 20% on tokens but end up with a sharper plan

**ShaunThresher** *(02:57)*: man, it really started breaking.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:58)*: Like it was working fine.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:00)*: And then the model improved

**ShaunThresher** *(03:02)*: and I don't know how would improve

**ShaunThresher** *(03:03)*: with the fact that the model was like,

**Rhys** *(03:04)*: But then I start but then DSPY started trying some really wacky stuff

**ShaunThresher** *(03:04)*: everything broke and I had like fix it.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:06)*: That's when I discovered all these broken parts.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:07)*: Like the agents were connected to right files

**Rhys** *(03:08)*: And compressing like 83% and suddenly the the plan started getting better

**ShaunThresher** *(03:10)*: and the files were kind of hidden.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:11)*: And like fixing that has like been a huge danger.

**Rhys** *(03:14)*: Maybe so and this is kind of what Paul and Rob was saying yes

**ShaunThresher** *(03:14)*: Agents?

**Rhys** *(03:19)*: They is that they know of a of a a every ever of a rag system that they developed 20 years ago while building a search engine for a

**Rhys** *(03:29)*: Museum and they're challenged and they said that

**Rhys** *(03:33)*: From what I am from what they said they said it's pattern level

**ShaunThresher** *(03:34)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(03:37)*: They don't they know what else has this technology. It could be a paradigm shift in AI

**ShaunThresher** *(03:38)*: I don't think you're like, like moving the crap out of the way.

**Rhys** *(03:42)*: I don't know whether they're blowing smoke up their own asses

**Rhys** *(03:44)*: But it did make me make me wonder if you had a if you were had been designing databases back in the day

**Rhys** *(03:50)*: Which is what they would what was their bread and butter? I mean

**Rhys** *(03:54)*: Rob the brother is like a PhD in AI before AI even wasn't the thing right? So he's like a super boring act

**Rhys** *(04:00)*: And these guys may live in designing like databases and sort of custom software engineering

**Rhys** *(04:05)*: At when computers could barely do shit

**Rhys** *(04:08)*: Because they were so weak and they were solving challenges for like

**Rhys** *(04:12)*: their local

**Rhys** *(04:14)*: Museum that had a massive database of unstructured data spanning all different types of things

**Rhys** *(04:20)*: Like so really like messy data

**Rhys** *(04:23)*: And they made like a very fast search engine that could like just you could ask the questions and they could come back and

**ShaunThresher** *(04:28)*: Like rocket or go or something.

**Rhys** *(04:29)*: find the right things so they seem to be selling that and

**Rhys** *(04:32)*: They said that like it's not c++, but it's like it's like raw

**Rhys** *(04:39)*: And it got me thinking like how i don't know they they were very cagey about what they what they led on

**Rhys** *(04:44)*: But it did make me wonder like i wonder if i could like get dspy to

**ShaunThresher** *(04:47)*: Basically, if you return like an in-be-file

**ShaunThresher** *(04:49)*: and it's like a pixel.

**Rhys** *(04:50)*: Find a new compression language like to find

**Rhys** *(04:54)*: To make like a language map of like symbols mean certain things and then to use that language to compress the memories

**ShaunThresher** *(04:57)*: Yeah, out of this.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:59)*: I mean, I have to see with my own eyes.

**Rhys** *(05:02)*: In a way that is not human readable, but is machine readable and can still carry the same meaning across

**Rhys** *(05:09)*: So that's what i've been trying i've been trying to run dspy to make a compression language

**ShaunThresher** *(05:10)*: It's interesting.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:11)*: What's the, what are you trying to build with it?

**Rhys** *(05:13)*: Seeing how how the

**ShaunThresher** *(05:14)*: What's the outcome?

**Rhys** *(05:15)*: Because if you see in those videos where chat gbt talks to chat gbt and then it detects it is talking with chat gbt and changes the language

**ShaunThresher** *(05:16)*: That's it.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:18)*: Look at that last repo I sent over.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:21)*: There's something in there

**Rhys** *(05:22)*: So so that

**ShaunThresher** *(05:23)*: that goes for renting.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:24)*: I didn't get a check.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:24)*: It depends to check it out.

**Rhys** *(05:25)*: I've watched those videos and you see it and you're like wait a minute like it changes to this new language that is more efficient for in for an AI to talk to another AI

**ShaunThresher** *(05:25)*: But I think even the repo of the study

**ShaunThresher** *(05:27)*: can't remember anyways.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:28)*: It's supposed to be very, very much.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:30)*: I think the guys have kind of like reverse engineered

**ShaunThresher** *(05:32)*: like what's behind mythos, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(05:33)*: And they don't think it's way that big.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:34)*: I mean, there's like some sort of like,

**Rhys** *(05:34)*: And i thought well in a minute

**Rhys** *(05:36)*: I'm not actually manually reading these memories to this point. I just trusted the memories are relevant. So now what

**ShaunThresher** *(05:37)*: I wouldn't say I algorithm shift to it.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:38)*: It's like groundbreaking, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(05:39)*: Like they didn't discover something.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:42)*: They just figured out a new way to operate the model.

**Rhys** *(05:42)*: What if yeah, what what if we just make that language

**ShaunThresher** *(05:45)*: So it's the same, it's pretty much the same LLM.

**Rhys** *(05:46)*: Machine to machine readable and we save on tokens and make their outputs better

**ShaunThresher** *(05:49)*: So just take 4.7.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:50)*: But they're using, they're operating in a different way.

**Rhys** *(05:51)*: So that's kind of where i've been going with some dspy experiments today. It's very early stage stuff

**ShaunThresher** *(05:53)*: And I think that study kind of like mapped out how that works.

**Rhys** *(05:55)*: But like it's looking promising the question that that's not my it's not my primary track right now

**Rhys** *(06:02)*: So right now it's just pure r and d that's fuck about see if i find something in worth

**Rhys** *(06:07)*: I mean, that's okay. Yeah

**Rhys** *(06:11)*: Interesting. Okay, so i mean here's what i here's what i said to the

**Rhys** *(06:18)*: To the

**Rhys** *(06:19)*: Core boys because i basically said to them hey listen like in plan pro and of core it's

**ShaunThresher** *(06:22)*: Right, like a like playing computer game.

**ShaunThresher** *(06:24)*: Did you use the computer game?

**Rhys** *(06:25)*: slow business

**Rhys** *(06:27)*: It's an enterprise play you have to wait until a company gets to a point where their systems are all crashing

**Rhys** *(06:32)*: They don't want to spend the money, but they're forced to

**ShaunThresher** *(06:33)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(06:35)*: it's like a very

**ShaunThresher** *(06:36)*: I mean, they got a solution to that.

**Rhys** *(06:37)*: You're trying to hit this very narrow target during transition phase and you need to be on their radar for one or two years

**Rhys** *(06:43)*: Because they don't really they're a bit reluctant to spend the money

**Rhys** *(06:46)*: And so i said to them the the concern i have about going and building some advanced memory system that is like

**Rhys** *(06:54)*: Crazy efficient and things like this is like it's a bit of an enterprise play you have to put out an API

**Rhys** *(07:00)*: Or rebo get stars then you go down a hosted version of it

**Rhys** *(07:04)*: It's it's a slow business where it's like i couldn't sell that to

**Rhys** *(07:09)*: The guys i'm selling second brain to right now. They would never buy it. It's too over the head

**Rhys** *(07:14)*: They don't understand why they need one memory versus another memory

**Rhys** *(07:17)*: They can barely grasp why memory is the thing that makes their experience

**ShaunThresher** *(07:19)*: That data is saying I was looking at that.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:21)*: I mean, I really, really, really think

**Rhys** *(07:22)*: Of AI better in the first place

**ShaunThresher** *(07:23)*: there's a business use case for that.

**Rhys** *(07:24)*: It's it's like imagine going to someone who's never

**ShaunThresher** *(07:24)*: And you could put like, you could put on these

**Rhys** *(07:27)*: Purchased an iPhone before and they're like and you can say hey you can buy the first iPhone

**ShaunThresher** *(07:27)*: second brain interface to that, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(07:30)*: So the thing that the database is,

**ShaunThresher** *(07:31)*: it has like, I think it was like 300 main contacts in there.

**Rhys** *(07:33)*: For like 600 bucks or you can buy

**ShaunThresher** *(07:33)*: And you just have to like know how to like ask it questions, right?

**Rhys** *(07:36)*: This iPhone that has a 15 megapixel camera, but it's gonna cost you five grand

**ShaunThresher** *(07:37)*: The problem is unless you're familiar with that,

**ShaunThresher** *(07:39)*: you don't ask it, right?

**Rhys** *(07:40)*: They're gonna be like wait a minute 10 times more what the hell does this megapixel even mean

**ShaunThresher** *(07:41)*: So that's where the AI comes into place.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:43)*: So just imagine you have second brain there,

**Rhys** *(07:44)*: So that's why i'm going down the approach of

**ShaunThresher** *(07:45)*: and you go through this onboarding process

**ShaunThresher** *(07:47)*: and you put in your idea of customer profile,

**Rhys** *(07:48)*: Just keeping flow os to downloadable template as like markdown to begin with

**ShaunThresher** *(07:50)*: you know, who your prospects are and this and that,

**ShaunThresher** *(07:52)*: and like your area, blah, blah, blah, blah.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:53)*: And it goes out and search for something, right?

**Rhys** *(07:53)*: Because it's good enough as be real. I was on it. It was it was great. It was you worked

**ShaunThresher** *(07:54)*: And it comes back with a list of 1,000 names.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:57)*: Hey, we can download that name.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:58)*: It goes into your memory system,

**Rhys** *(07:59)*: And then when they hit a point where it starts to break

**ShaunThresher** *(07:59)*: which you just talked about.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:00)*: And then all of a sudden you have this automated fault system,

**Rhys** *(08:02)*: They're either gonna be like you high agency and prompt their system in in that end up with a better one

**ShaunThresher** *(08:03)*: right?

**ShaunThresher** *(08:03)*: And the point with that thing is it's auto updating, right?

**Rhys** *(08:08)*: Or they're gonna hand raise and say hey Reese like i'm running into this issue and i can say hey

**ShaunThresher** *(08:08)*: So once new people come into market,

**ShaunThresher** *(08:10)*: they'll be pushed into your system.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:11)*: And the two is this is the part I was not interested in

**Rhys** *(08:12)*: I've actually got an upgrade for you and i can just point into another re i can

**ShaunThresher** *(08:13)*: is that they have signals, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(08:15)*: And it reads these signals.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:16)*: And if you use a database properly, for example,

**Rhys** *(08:16)*: Send them a link

**ShaunThresher** *(08:18)*: like somebody maybe you know this person came to your website

**Rhys** *(08:18)*: They pay the money and then i send them access to another repo and then then they just like point to it

**ShaunThresher** *(08:21)*: three times in the past two weeks, right?

**Rhys** *(08:23)*: And then it just goes through an installation process of upgrading there their current memory

**ShaunThresher** *(08:23)*: That would be a good time to go in touch with them.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:25)*: Anyways, this thing can keep track of these types of signals.

**Rhys** *(08:27)*: So that's so i think i'm going to go down that path of just like cook the technology to have it there ready just in case

**ShaunThresher** *(08:27)*: And it can advise you on this.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:30)*: So you can either make like a sales call

**ShaunThresher** *(08:31)*: or have your sales team follow with them or whatever, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(08:33)*: Or maybe it's just a question that needs help.

**Rhys** *(08:34)*: some enterprise finds

**ShaunThresher** *(08:36)*: But anyways, it would be all in there.

**Rhys** *(08:36)*: If you're like a cognitive shift article and starts asking about what can i do and so there's like

**ShaunThresher** *(08:37)*: And you could just like, I can chat

**ShaunThresher** *(08:40)*: and you could just ask me questions.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:41)*: Think how many leads we get to, how many leads came in,

**Rhys** *(08:43)*: An easy way to start offering

**ShaunThresher** *(08:43)*: how many valves we have, you know, you know,

**Rhys** *(08:45)*: 10k 20k 50k sort of packages

**ShaunThresher** *(08:45)*: et cetera.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:46)*: And now we do the friction object trying to go out there

**ShaunThresher** *(08:48)*: like on trying to buy your leads

**Rhys** *(08:49)*: Rolling that out to them

**ShaunThresher** *(08:50)*: and to try to do your marketing

**Rhys** *(08:51)*: Whereas like but but but then yeah not not sweat too much about the about the second brain buyers because at the end of the day

**ShaunThresher** *(08:51)*: because you're like, you can just run it back

**ShaunThresher** *(08:52)*: on automatic, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(08:53)*: You just push those leads into something

**ShaunThresher** *(08:54)*: like go high level or whatever,

**ShaunThresher** *(08:56)*: you know, and it's like runs on rinse or pee.

**Rhys** *(08:57)*: What they need is just to get started, you know i mean?

**Rhys** *(09:01)*: Yeah, yeah

**ShaunThresher** *(09:02)*: The leads there.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:03)*: They're already right there.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:04)*: You just have to know how to like pull down

**Rhys** *(09:04)*: That's that's huge man. I mean if that i mean at the end of the day or

**ShaunThresher** *(09:06)*: the right information for those leads

**ShaunThresher** *(09:07)*: and then push those into a system.

**Rhys** *(09:08)*: the

**Rhys** *(09:08)*: Paul pull and

**ShaunThresher** *(09:09)*: Again, that's the big deal.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:10)*: There's nothing fancy there, right?

**Rhys** *(09:10)*: These guys have a marketing and sales problem as do many other tech founders like this sounds like it can completely automate the lead gen

**ShaunThresher** *(09:11)*: The point is you could find very targeted ICP

**ShaunThresher** *(09:14)*: and then it's those signals, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(09:16)*: Maybe they looked at like, you know,

**ShaunThresher** *(09:17)*: five building sites and they're looking for like,

**ShaunThresher** *(09:20)*: you know, a building contractor.

**Rhys** *(09:21)*: My my remember correctly access to those platforms was like about 20k per year to get access to those did

**ShaunThresher** *(09:22)*: That's the difference.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:25)*: No, this is a single, yeah, this is not even that much.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:27)*: It's this is a single platform.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:29)*: You have to know it to a friend of a friend.

**Rhys** *(09:29)*: Maybe that doesn't there's there's probably a business there yeah

**ShaunThresher** *(09:30)*: The guy's not gonna give you access to it.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:33)*: I think he's charging.

**Rhys** *(09:34)*: Yeah, I mean you figure out that piece on how and how we make how we can actually deliver a product show me a demo

**ShaunThresher** *(09:34)*: So you have to build, you get five or 10 profiles

**ShaunThresher** *(09:39)*: like like profiles each other.

**Rhys** *(09:40)*: And then demo so i can like see it and you know but basically show show me the demo that it's not just fluff

**ShaunThresher** *(09:41)*: And it's like a thousand bucks a month, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(09:43)*: Then if you, so then if you could just imagine

**ShaunThresher** *(09:45)*: this area that just gave you,

**ShaunThresher** *(09:46)*: again, they don't get access to that

**Rhys** *(09:46)*: And then you that's when i that's when i start getting more when i can see the money. I

**ShaunThresher** *(09:48)*: because they wouldn't have to use it.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:49)*: And there's risk of abuse on that

**ShaunThresher** *(09:50)*: because they're giving you all the raw data of this person,

**Rhys** *(09:51)*: Something making moves

**ShaunThresher** *(09:53)*: right?

**Rhys** *(09:54)*: So

**ShaunThresher** *(09:54)*: They're cell phone, you know, multiple personal emails,

**Rhys** *(09:54)*: Sure and sure and remember that when when i was running my analytics company

**ShaunThresher** *(09:56)*: multiple work emails,

**Rhys** *(09:57)*: I would set up all sorts of custom analytics where

**ShaunThresher** *(09:58)*: etc. if you're available.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:59)*: I mean, it's just not there you get just crazy.

**Rhys** *(10:01)*: I would have it i would i would install custom link sharing analytics

**ShaunThresher** *(10:02)*: So if you can have five profiles

**Rhys** *(10:05)*: So i could detect when traffic was coming from a viral link share

**ShaunThresher** *(10:05)*: and what you are worth somebody,

**ShaunThresher** *(10:06)*: just they just get one of those profiles

**ShaunThresher** *(10:08)*: and you build their system around that

**Rhys** *(10:09)*: And then i was pairing that with ip look up

**ShaunThresher** *(10:09)*: and then like there you go.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:10)*: So you've got a thousand bucks.

**Rhys** *(10:11)*: So if i saw multiple people within the same company

**ShaunThresher** *(10:11)*: There you go, two hundred bucks.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:12)*: That part's covered, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(10:13)*: So you charge them, you have a hundred bucks a month

**Rhys** *(10:15)*: Visting from a lot viral link share i would detect that account as something

**ShaunThresher** *(10:15)*: and you set it up and like, you know, charge that for a month

**ShaunThresher** *(10:16)*: of the basis.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:17)*: I think I just got to talk to those guys.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:19)*: It would be interesting if we could,

**Rhys** *(10:20)*: Yeah

**ShaunThresher** *(10:20)*: if I could work out something like bulk thing with them,

**Rhys** *(10:20)*: Setting some selling to small business owners of the gen engine that that can afford real expensive brand and

**ShaunThresher** *(10:22)*: if like white label of service right, whatever

**ShaunThresher** *(10:24)*: or it's like if we could do like a, like a bulk thing, right?

**Rhys** *(10:27)*: Marketing just like being able to like connect people with the right belief and having the technology that can just like

**ShaunThresher** *(10:27)*: Instead of like being charged like a retail rate,

**ShaunThresher** *(10:29)*: maybe we could do like a, hey, like a scaling price

**ShaunThresher** *(10:31)*: based on the amount of accounts that I have set up.

**Rhys** *(10:32)*: Connect businesses with the right people buying at the right time

**Rhys** *(10:35)*: Is a superpower if there's a way if you can show me a way that we can do that like

**ShaunThresher** *(10:39)*: I was very difficult to describe.

**Rhys** *(10:40)*: One we could use that ourselves to like distribute the stuff we're making, but also like that itself could be easy

**ShaunThresher** *(10:40)*: You have to see like the demo of how like the database works

**ShaunThresher** *(10:42)*: and how you can, you can, you can view it.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:45)*: Let's just say you were going to sell the bikes, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(10:47)*: And you were looking for, I don't know,

**Rhys** *(10:47)*: I

**ShaunThresher** *(10:48)*: like mountain bike riders, guys, and like a mountain

**Rhys** *(10:49)*: Mean i do know that like the platforms that i used to use to

**ShaunThresher** *(10:51)*: state area, perfect.

**Rhys** *(10:54)*: Like the i used to hire a company called task drive

**Rhys** *(10:58)*: Didn't had to do lead scraping enrichment for me

**ShaunThresher** *(11:00)*: Yes, you did, I'll describe that.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:02)*: The point I'm getting is if you apply this to businesses

**Rhys** *(11:02)*: For like when i was running like before the analytics agency i was doing that growth jobs

**ShaunThresher** *(11:06)*: that don't get that like service tech and construction firms

**Rhys** *(11:08)*: And some business owners they would just buy the lead scraping enrichment and i would go back and give leads every month

**ShaunThresher** *(11:10)*: and age fat companies, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(11:12)*: And then you put on like this legion aspect of that.

**Rhys** *(11:13)*: The more contact details and they would do like a go to market with it

**ShaunThresher** *(11:14)*: I mean, I really think there's something there.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:16)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(11:17)*: And they and this task drive what they were doing is they were buying access to like a handful of these platforms that had millions of profiles

**ShaunThresher** *(11:21)*: Also.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:22)*: I don't want to get a data from, I just

**Rhys** *(11:26)*: And then what they were doing is they were spreading the cost of because those platforms each were costing like tens of thousands

**ShaunThresher** *(11:26)*: think it reverse engineer.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:28)*: He was, he was very, obviously he was very protective about that.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:30)*: Oh, we're using, you know, 30, 40, 30, 40 different sources.

**Rhys** *(11:33)*: Pre-year instruction, but they could share that across

**ShaunThresher** *(11:33)*: I like that.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:34)*: They can't be paying that much for those data sources.

**Rhys** *(11:36)*: 100 200 customers

**ShaunThresher** *(11:36)*: Which is the probably open source somewhere.

**Rhys** *(11:37)*: So didn't have to drop the 20k you could pay

**ShaunThresher** *(11:39)*: It's just a matter of fact, like reverse engineering.

**Rhys** *(11:41)*: Grand a month and not and cancel whenever you want you know

**Rhys** *(11:44)*: But they would have to have a human

**ShaunThresher** *(11:45)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(11:47)*: Working the Philippines

**Rhys** *(11:49)*: Train on your business and then use the platform to find relevant people. So what you're saying is

**ShaunThresher** *(11:50)*: Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:51)*: Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:52)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(11:56)*: That is a solved problem you can get AI to do that search and you don't have an F or you can then lower the cost basis

**ShaunThresher** *(11:57)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(12:03)*: So and be more passive against Philippines

**ShaunThresher** *(12:06)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(12:06)*: Mind you the philippine and sanaries they're not about getting paid much right they get paid they're probably getting paid like what five bucks an hour like

**ShaunThresher** *(12:07)*: Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:08)*: Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:12)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(12:12)*: it's not

**ShaunThresher** *(12:13)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(12:13)*: I mean AI what AI what costs two to two to three bucks an hour so like

**ShaunThresher** *(12:14)*: Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:15)*: Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:16)*: Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:17)*: Well, I do.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:18)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(12:18)*: Still it's still what it's it's it's like

**Rhys** *(12:21)*: I think the the value is in the high ticket connections like if you can connect an enterprise buyer

**Rhys** *(12:26)*: With someone who needs a software at a time

**Rhys** *(12:28)*: They would wrap they will pay per lead and now you can and then you can like

**Rhys** *(12:32)*: Um, and then you can pay like yeah, maybe maybe that's the maybe that's the play or just to use it to distribute stuff

**ShaunThresher** *(12:38)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(12:38)*: We're building I don't know

**ShaunThresher** *(12:39)*: Well, I have to.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:40)*: I got my ideas.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:41)*: Just because I was focused on getting the, you know, how can you offer this

**Rhys** *(12:41)*: And it find people that are in market for claw code or that are but of just bought claw code or adopted it

**ShaunThresher** *(12:45)*: secondary platform like what extra stuff could you put on to make it unique

**Rhys** *(12:47)*: Yeah, because that basically that's like that that's the perfect person to sell second brain stuff to yeah

**ShaunThresher** *(12:49)*: for anything else?

**ShaunThresher** *(12:50)*: Right.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:51)*: You do go to school in the verticals, you just like, hey, you just don't change

**ShaunThresher** *(12:54)*: anything, you just offers like a health clinics or do you do it or

**Rhys** *(12:56)*: I mean, I've been I've been going back to every customer and saying hey like if you send customers

**ShaunThresher** *(12:59)*: or whatever, keep it just as is, which works just fine,

**Rhys** *(13:00)*: I give you 20% of the of the 2k fee and um and I'm already getting a bunch of leads come from just people

**ShaunThresher** *(13:02)*: or like, you know, or wouldn't make sense

**ShaunThresher** *(13:04)*: like to put that on as something, again,

**ShaunThresher** *(13:06)*: like the legion system, like all the one legion,

**Rhys** *(13:08)*: Having such a great experience with the second brain

**ShaunThresher** *(13:08)*: and then we have to really touch it.

**ShaunThresher** *(13:10)*: Yeah, it's just installed to work.

**Rhys** *(13:10)*: They're like they cannot stop talking about it to other people so like there's there's some

**Rhys** *(13:15)*: Yeah, there's there's something there

**Rhys** *(13:18)*: Yeah, that's really

**ShaunThresher** *(13:19)*: Yeah, exactly, they'd use it for 30 days and soaps.

**Rhys** *(13:20)*: That's really interesting

**Rhys** *(13:22)*: Hey, let's um, let's circle back

**Rhys** *(13:24)*: Let's figure out how we can like

**Rhys** *(13:26)*: Yeah, let's figure out how what what's like the quickest easiest thing that we can do

**Rhys** *(13:31)*: Um, well, I mean, it hasn't the right approach. Maybe the right approach is I what's the thing that we're gonna not lose motivation on when it gets tough

**ShaunThresher** *(13:32)*: And a few.

**ShaunThresher** *(13:34)*: I was also thinking too, like I'm a branding perspective,

**Rhys** *(13:37)*: The thing we're most excited about

**ShaunThresher** *(13:38)*: and you would create a second braid around like an apartment.

**Rhys** *(13:39)*: And I think focus on that

**Rhys** *(13:41)*: And if you haven't listened to the book already I said a random have you heard the book have you listened to that

**ShaunThresher** *(13:41)*: So this would be like the sort of like the market apartment,

**ShaunThresher** *(13:44)*: like the executive team, and whatever else.

**ShaunThresher** *(13:47)*: You got like two or three, I think about four or five,

**Rhys** *(13:49)*: So they're under this one here

**ShaunThresher** *(13:49)*: you come up with like the content department, et cetera,

**Rhys** *(13:51)*: Um, I'm just gonna grab any I'm gonna grab the first link

**ShaunThresher** *(13:51)*: and you'd give them some of your last name, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(13:53)*: So, so your repo would be based on, you know,

**Rhys** *(13:55)*: It's sold in different places. So you pick your favorite favorite vendor

**ShaunThresher** *(13:57)*: what that talks about, like you would brand it on purpose, right?

**Rhys** *(13:59)*: But this one here if you heard about it

**ShaunThresher** *(14:01)*: So you would have these modules, and they would be,

**Rhys** *(14:01)*: That's so

**Rhys** *(14:02)*: You know like there's been this whole craze of like

**ShaunThresher** *(14:03)*: you know, conflict focused, and then, you know,

**ShaunThresher** *(14:05)*: executive focused, whatever, they would kind of

**Rhys** *(14:05)*: Lobster branded startups

**ShaunThresher** *(14:07)*: both come on to each other.

**Rhys** *(14:08)*: This is the source. This is what started that trend

**ShaunThresher** *(14:08)*: And I thought it'd be like a fun branding play.

**ShaunThresher** *(14:10)*: It was just getting worse.

**Rhys** *(14:11)*: This book I said at andor

**ShaunThresher** *(14:12)*: Where would you?

**Rhys** *(14:14)*: it's

**Rhys** *(14:16)*: It's the genesis of that idea like basically the protagonist

**Rhys** *(14:20)*: Is this guy that owns like a bazillion companies but he's like not he lives like a billionaire

**ShaunThresher** *(14:24)*: It's working.

**Rhys** *(14:25)*: But he's not a billionaire. He's like cash port

**Rhys** *(14:27)*: But because he makes other people billionaires

**Rhys** *(14:30)*: He makes other people rich by giving away like he can just like make anybody rich just by

**ShaunThresher** *(14:32)*: No.

**ShaunThresher** *(14:35)*: Yes.

**Rhys** *(14:36)*: His ideas and his technologies. He's like in vents for paradigm shifts in it on them. They morning kind of thing

**ShaunThresher** *(14:39)*: And what way?

**Rhys** *(14:42)*: And because he's made so many people rich they all look given favors

**Rhys** *(14:45)*: So like he eats for free travels for free

**Rhys** *(14:48)*: But then he has this phrasey ex that's traveling and going after his

**Rhys** *(14:52)*: Open-claw idea and the brand and it because in this

**Rhys** *(14:57)*: In this world there are these like there are these lobsters AI lobsters that are like trying to defect

**ShaunThresher** *(15:00)*: Okay.

**ShaunThresher** *(15:01)*: Oh, what you say is, like, so he took the open fly idea,

**Rhys** *(15:03)*: And he like ends up making his mission to like help them defect

**ShaunThresher** *(15:04)*: came from this book.

**Rhys** *(15:07)*: It's really funny. You should listen to it like there's like it's

**Rhys** *(15:10)*: Yeah, it's so it's a I'm like halfway through I was listening to it on the bike ride the other day and it's like

**Rhys** *(15:16)*: This was the genesis of it all of the

**Rhys** *(15:19)*: AI

**Rhys** *(15:20)*: Open AI CEOs onthropic CEO is there all over this this was like this was the genesis of the idea

**ShaunThresher** *(15:23)*: It looks me alright, let's check it out.

**ShaunThresher** *(15:24)*: I wonder if you could bake this into like,

**Rhys** *(15:26)*: Or already on it mate. I'm going to share this with you

**ShaunThresher** *(15:26)*: if you could like, hit the book,

**ShaunThresher** *(15:29)*: and you could have like every this book and your book,

**Rhys** *(15:30)*: So I sent this with Mike a few minutes ago

**ShaunThresher** *(15:32)*: and they're like, he were interconnections on.

**Rhys** *(15:33)*: What I did is I got AI to extract every business idea in this book

**Rhys** *(15:38)*: Because he's like dropping those of business ideas in a futuristic world

**ShaunThresher** *(15:39)*: He's like, now.

**Rhys** *(15:43)*: It's a little bit far out

**Rhys** *(15:44)*: But still

**Rhys** *(15:46)*: But it's still like oh that's where the world is going

**Rhys** *(15:49)*: So I figured out extract every single business idea and try and figure out how I can take this raw data into like pat

**Rhys** *(15:55)*: patents because

**Rhys** *(15:56)*: Basically

**ShaunThresher** *(15:57)*: Also, too, I mean, you could bake it into,

**Rhys** *(15:58)*: We're making that those of us are adopting AI now. We're making money selling to people that are way behind

**ShaunThresher** *(15:58)*: is like part of the mental models,

**ShaunThresher** *(15:59)*: we just talked about, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(16:00)*: And we were talking about like,

**ShaunThresher** *(16:01)*: how can you look at it and create different files

**ShaunThresher** *(16:03)*: with every system, or whatever.

**Rhys** *(16:04)*: But we have the potential over the next six to 12 months to cook technology that is ahead of its time

**ShaunThresher** *(16:04)*: You know, this is where you would get these ideas from.

**ShaunThresher** *(16:06)*: I wonder if you could like reverse engineer,

**ShaunThresher** *(16:08)*: like, use my reverse route loop on this,

**Rhys** *(16:09)*: So I figured well wouldn't it be nice to

**Rhys** *(16:11)*: Use the book as inspiration of like what could be that future state in two three years and what might be a valuable piece of IP to build

**ShaunThresher** *(16:11)*: and like, just like, if you could reverse engineer,

**ShaunThresher** *(16:13)*: like figure out how the guy was,

**ShaunThresher** *(16:14)*: how the guy was thinking when you wrote the book,

**ShaunThresher** *(16:16)*: and then turn that into a mental model.

**Rhys** *(16:17)*: Yeah, yeah, exactly

**Rhys** *(16:21)*: That's if I can enter reverse engine

**ShaunThresher** *(16:23)*: Right, right, there's two of something else in the model.

**Rhys** *(16:25)*: That that reverse engine using a reverse

**ShaunThresher** *(16:26)*: Now, I wonder if, like, again, like you're saying,

**Rhys** *(16:28)*: Wig and Loop to create a mental model. That's it. That's the whole like that is a killer piece of content

**ShaunThresher** *(16:29)*: this is a fiction book.

**ShaunThresher** *(16:30)*: So I wonder if there's like a lot of hidden gems in there.

**Rhys** *(16:35)*: just get like given out of way like like

**ShaunThresher** *(16:35)*: Like, when I pay attention to it,

**ShaunThresher** *(16:36)*: like, people, most people read, like, a fiction,

**Rhys** *(16:37)*: to skit

**ShaunThresher** *(16:38)*: or they read nonfiction books, like,

**Rhys** *(16:39)*: Give like the yeah

**ShaunThresher** *(16:40)*: around business, and all that,

**Rhys** *(16:41)*: like figure out how to make that easy to apply that

**ShaunThresher** *(16:41)*: but I wonder if like, the breakthroughs are not there.

**ShaunThresher** *(16:44)*: They're like in this fantasy, you know,

**ShaunThresher** *(16:45)*: thing outside the box, type of science fiction.

**Rhys** *(16:45)*: Can you imagine how many people in the consultancy would like they just know that they've like

**ShaunThresher** *(16:48)*: Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(16:49)*: Well, like, but we're talking about,

**ShaunThresher** *(16:50)*: and I think, like,

**Rhys** *(16:50)*: Created some structured documents in the past

**ShaunThresher** *(16:51)*: never saw the science fiction.

**Rhys** *(16:53)*: They just want to point a reverse Wig and Loop at it to extract

**ShaunThresher** *(16:53)*: Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(16:54)*: Well, I don't know how you're up for that.

**ShaunThresher** *(16:56)*: So yeah.

**Rhys** *(16:56)*: Mental model that they're using

**ShaunThresher** *(16:57)*: You need to go and make it through.

**Rhys** *(16:58)*: So they don't have to go through the effort of the meta cognition of figuring out what they're thinking about

**ShaunThresher** *(16:59)*: But everybody wants to do that.

**ShaunThresher** *(17:00)*: Take part in what you're going to do.

**ShaunThresher** *(17:02)*: It has to.

**Rhys** *(17:03)*: That's a killer

**ShaunThresher** *(17:05)*: Every dog has a foot.

**Rhys** *(17:05)*: I mean that's kind of that's kind of what I do with the books

**ShaunThresher** *(17:06)*: Yeah, I agree on that.

**ShaunThresher** *(17:07)*: I think that's, I mean, you see,

**ShaunThresher** *(17:08)*: and he comes out to free stuff, like,

**ShaunThresher** *(17:10)*: what do he come over that?

**Rhys** *(17:10)*: This is where Mike gets all of his ideas from is he reads he reads these

**ShaunThresher** *(17:11)*: So.

**ShaunThresher** *(17:13)*: Right.

**Rhys** *(17:14)*: sci-fi books by people like written by tech people that have made it

**ShaunThresher** *(17:16)*: Right.

**ShaunThresher** *(17:18)*: Interresting.

**Rhys** *(17:19)*: Yeah, he comes up with those crazy ideas and he gets him what he gets it all from it from the books he reads

**ShaunThresher** *(17:19)*: Okay.

**ShaunThresher** *(17:21)*: It sounds good.

**ShaunThresher** *(17:21)*: Yeah, sounds good.

**ShaunThresher** *(17:23)*: Right.

**Rhys** *(17:24)*: He reads sci-fi books because these books are written by nerds that have made millions in tech companies

**Rhys** *(17:30)*: Anyways, yeah, no, right. I got a shoot to Sean, but um

**Rhys** *(17:35)*: Call call call a little chat. Let's keep up today. Yeah, man

---

*Transcribed with faster-whisper (base)*
