---
channel: General
date: 2026-05-18
duration: 36 minutes
participants:
  - Rhys
  - ShaunThresher
speakers:
  - Rhys
  - ShaunThresher
---

# Voice Transcript — #General
📅 2026-05-18 | ⏱ 36 minutes

**Participants**: Rhys, ShaunThresher
**Speakers**: Rhys, ShaunThresher

---

**Rhys** *(00:00)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(00:01)*: Hello Sean.

**Rhys** *(00:02)*: Can you hear me again?

**Rhys** *(00:03)*: I can hear you darling Claire.

**Rhys** *(00:04)*: Can you see me?

**ShaunThresher** *(00:04)*: Hey, hey, good to see you. How is the the baby doing? Oh cool. That was you wanted? Yeah, it doesn't matter to in the day.

**Rhys** *(00:05)*: Oh man, that's like becoming a really fun topic.

**Rhys** *(00:09)*: Like, it's more real.

**Rhys** *(00:11)*: It's, have I told you to sit next?

**Rhys** *(00:13)*: It's a baby boy.

**Rhys** *(00:14)*: Yeah, I'm quite excited.

**Rhys** *(00:16)*: I actually wanted a girl to begin with.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:17)*: Oh, I got the nursery going on your phone. Yeah, you know, it's funny. I did all that to my previous house. I extended like the

**Rhys** *(00:18)*: And then TikTok started showing me videos of, like,

**Rhys** *(00:22)*: dads and their boys.

**Rhys** *(00:23)*: And then my preference shifted.

**Rhys** *(00:25)*: And that was the moment I realized that actually I don't mind

**Rhys** *(00:28)*: what it was.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:28)*: Added like a weeding on there. There's like a whole room there. I painted it. I didn't I don't know how much work

**Rhys** *(00:29)*: And then it just happened to turn out to be a boy.

**Rhys** *(00:31)*: Oh, I can't wait.

**Rhys** *(00:32)*: We just, this was the, this was like the old,

**ShaunThresher** *(00:32)*: I put that thing and we probably used it like three times. Yeah, yeah, I mean, it was just it's such a pain in the ass because if it's like way over there

**Rhys** *(00:35)*: this was like our old bedroom.

**Rhys** *(00:37)*: Video and voice settings.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:39)*: They're gonna cry. They're gonna get up in the middle of night. You have to go over there and do stuff, right?

**Rhys** *(00:40)*: There's got to be a way to like,

**Rhys** *(00:42)*: remove the background in this,

**ShaunThresher** *(00:43)*: It's so much easier if it's like right besides your bed

**Rhys** *(00:44)*: sound, concentration, soundboard, advanced.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:45)*: You can like roll over and do what you got to do

**Rhys** *(00:47)*: No.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:47)*: Etc. If not, you got to get up and walk over there and do things. I mean she slept with us

**Rhys** *(00:48)*: You'd think that the settings would just be like,

**Rhys** *(00:50)*: camera.

**Rhys** *(00:51)*: No, I'm a laptop.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:52)*: She slept in like a nursery a couple days and like then she just jumped in bed with us and then I stayed there for like

**Rhys** *(00:53)*: I just, um, speaker.

**Rhys** *(00:55)*: Maybe it's like,

**Rhys** *(00:56)*: I know that Apple has its own default settings.

**ShaunThresher** *(00:57)*: Certainly years eventually, but like my daughter was like nine. She still seems to know room with us

**Rhys** *(00:59)*: Oh, wait, here.

**Rhys** *(01:00)*: Video settings.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:01)*: Got the same bed, but like she's still in the place in the room with us. I mean, don't tell you when they're ready

**Rhys** *(01:02)*: Oh, that's annoying.

**Rhys** *(01:04)*: Well, I mean, this, this used to be like the,

**ShaunThresher** *(01:05)*: Look at that point. We're like not like my dad. It was like like jump off the boat like swim, right

**Rhys** *(01:08)*: the main bedroom.

**Rhys** *(01:10)*: And then,

**ShaunThresher** *(01:10)*: But uh, we're a little bit softer parenting. I guess then he was

**Rhys** *(01:12)*: managed to rope in the parent's and law.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:14)*: So yeah, so just whatever she's kind of ready to have her own stuff, which is like migrate over to I mean she's got a bedroom

**Rhys** *(01:14)*: And then we basically changed it.

**Rhys** *(01:15)*: And then we met, we added our,

**Rhys** *(01:16)*: this used to be like the work office.

**Rhys** *(01:18)*: But it was like, there was this giant table,

**ShaunThresher** *(01:19)*: All set up in there. She's got to move in there when she's ready. She's like quite ready for yet, which I'm in no hurry. It's fine

**Rhys** *(01:21)*: that went from like here to here.

**Rhys** *(01:23)*: And I basically like,

**Rhys** *(01:24)*: I just plugged that is my partner.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:25)*: I

**Rhys** *(01:26)*: I never worked together.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:27)*: What? Oh, yeah, I mean you should do it anyways, right? You shouldn't be like a secret thing like boy don't pay and work

**Rhys** *(01:27)*: And then it made this room like so much extra spacious.

**Rhys** *(01:30)*: So yeah, we've moved into this room,

**Rhys** *(01:32)*: got the nursery going.

**Rhys** *(01:33)*: So that's a very fun topic.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:34)*: I mean that's so much fun, right? I mean I did with my dad we did all the time

**Rhys** *(01:34)*: The nursery.

**Rhys** *(01:36)*: Yeah, we've got,

**Rhys** *(01:37)*: we've got the coach.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:37)*: But I mean, I think the thing is to get to be very careful of like your wife

**Rhys** *(01:39)*: Yeah, we've got,

**Rhys** *(01:40)*: we've got the coach sleeper.

**Rhys** *(01:41)*: So the plan is to have it in the bedroom for like

**ShaunThresher** *(01:42)*: Not injecting her fear onto your child, right? That's that's very real

**Rhys** *(01:44)*: six months to a year.

**Rhys** *(01:45)*: And then, but,

**Rhys** *(01:46)*: but eventually it's going to want its own room, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(01:46)*: And I mean just even consciously right if she starts talking about oh, I like camping. I mean, they're gonna they're gonna absorb that

**Rhys** *(01:48)*: He's going to want his room room.

**Rhys** *(01:50)*: Yeah,

**ShaunThresher** *(01:52)*: And number two, which is like just do it from an early age. I just don't wait till they're big

**Rhys** *(01:53)*: kids, kids are always going to want that.

**Rhys** *(01:54)*: But like, that's where.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:55)*: I mean they like four or five they can go do that no sweat. Yeah

**Rhys** *(01:58)*: Yeah, that's so funny.

**ShaunThresher** *(01:58)*: I think the idea that was really fun is we did a lot of biking. We did a lot of biking and we did a lot of

**Rhys** *(02:00)*: You're done.

**Rhys** *(02:01)*: That's, that's super funny that.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:04)*: Um, I bought the backpack we put the key on the backpack

**Rhys** *(02:04)*: My partner like,

**Rhys** *(02:06)*: tried to convince me when I first got together with her,

**ShaunThresher** *(02:07)*: But and we did a lot of hiking that way. I mean, I mean, I really enjoyed that. Yeah

**Rhys** *(02:08)*: that Dutch people don't wild camp.

**Rhys** *(02:10)*: Just said she's just like blanket generalize said Dutch people

**ShaunThresher** *(02:13)*: Yeah, whatever. I think people are still reacting

**Rhys** *(02:13)*: don't wild camp because it's illegal.

**Rhys** *(02:15)*: But it's really that she was just petrified of it.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:15)*: It depends on how you have all of it set up to a lot of that's just like the automation part

**Rhys** *(02:18)*: And eventually like we got to his point early in the relationship

**ShaunThresher** *(02:19)*: They're especially gonna like charge you API fees for like subscription or like that stuff like agents

**Rhys** *(02:21)*: where I almost ultimately turned her like,

**Rhys** *(02:23)*: if she would at least come consider it,

**Rhys** *(02:25)*: I would have to reconsider the relationship.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:27)*: Yeah

**Rhys** *(02:27)*: Well, it wasn't like,

**Rhys** *(02:28)*: it wasn't so dickish, but.

**Rhys** *(02:30)*: We'll go,

**Rhys** *(02:31)*: well, wait, that's an amazing adventure.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:33)*: Okay, yeah, it goes like the Raveloop. Oh, Jesus

**Rhys** *(02:33)*: We went hiking through the Belgium,

**Rhys** *(02:34)*: our dinner.

**Rhys** *(02:35)*: And then.

**Rhys** *(02:36)*: And honestly,

**Rhys** *(02:37)*: maybe we slept in his dark forest partly because this beautiful place

**ShaunThresher** *(02:39)*: Okay

**Rhys** *(02:41)*: next to the river she didn't want to sleep.

**Rhys** *(02:43)*: So we had to like,

**ShaunThresher** *(02:43)*: I think I really think that the value is like using AI to provide value, okay

**Rhys** *(02:44)*: kind of walk back and then stuck halfway in the forest,

**Rhys** *(02:47)*: slept in the forest.

**Rhys** *(02:48)*: It was so dark.

**Rhys** *(02:50)*: I woke up at like two o'clock in the morning because I had noise.

**ShaunThresher** *(02:50)*: And that sounds kind of weird about me. I think I don't think the value is like like selling a harness

**Rhys** *(02:52)*: And she was shaking,

**Rhys** *(02:53)*: like physically shaking,

**ShaunThresher** *(02:54)*: I think the value is because as again, like the customer support all that again

**Rhys** *(02:55)*: like compulsive,

**Rhys** *(02:56)*: like,

**Rhys** *(02:57)*: in terror, in fear of like,

**ShaunThresher** *(02:57)*: If you're not like if you're not something somebody like you or I like to tinker with it

**Rhys** *(02:59)*: just the situation.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:01)*: It's gonna be it's gonna be very difficult. You have to keep following up with them. I just watching this stuff

**Rhys** *(03:01)*: I had to,

**Rhys** *(03:02)*: I had to like lie on her in my full body weight

**ShaunThresher** *(03:04)*: It happens with like with Evo on like stuff. He's selling. I'm curious how how it's gonna turn out for him

**Rhys** *(03:04)*: to get this panic under control.

**Rhys** *(03:06)*: And I felt,

**Rhys** *(03:07)*: I felt, I still feel guilty about that.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:08)*: Number two is is if you don't have the the probe or not the probe with a max version of cloud

**Rhys** *(03:09)*: And now we don't wild camp,

**Rhys** *(03:10)*: but my point was

**Rhys** *(03:11)*: that when mum's gone for the weekend,

**Rhys** *(03:13)*: wherever,

**Rhys** *(03:14)*: I'm totally taking my kid wild camping

**ShaunThresher** *(03:14)*: The the the harness does nothing for you. You know that dude, right? You can use the probe all you want

**Rhys** *(03:16)*: from a young age.

**Rhys** *(03:18)*: Yes.

**ShaunThresher** *(03:18)*: But you'll you burn through tokens and it sucks

**Rhys** *(03:19)*: Exactly.

**Rhys** *(03:20)*: That's why I see with my sister's husband and her,

**ShaunThresher** *(03:20)*: So you have to get over the two barriers if you want to make any of those things work

**ShaunThresher** *(03:23)*: And then I know like even with my doctor client if you found like hey, I've got this thing

**Rhys** *(03:24)*: their baby,

**Rhys** *(03:25)*: like he takes it,

**Rhys** *(03:26)*: like he rents,

**Rhys** *(03:27)*: like these wooden boxes in the middle of nowhere

**ShaunThresher** *(03:27)*: I think this is if I could even get him convinced of that

**Rhys** *(03:29)*: that you can rent

**ShaunThresher** *(03:29)*: It's just like him investing in that extra leverage of the next tier of AI is just like

**Rhys** *(03:30)*: and just like sleeps in them.

**Rhys** *(03:31)*: Like,

**Rhys** *(03:32)*: that's just like so cool.

**Rhys** *(03:33)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(03:34)*: That's really cool.

**Rhys** *(03:35)*: How's,

**ShaunThresher** *(03:35)*: It's like pulling teeth out. It's just like and tell her convinced of that. They're not gonna do it

**Rhys** *(03:36)*: however,

**Rhys** *(03:37)*: things been,

**Rhys** *(03:38)*: like last time we chatted,

**Rhys** *(03:39)*: you were like,

**ShaunThresher** *(03:39)*: Yeah, he just pays me to do a service

**Rhys** *(03:40)*: you were basically,

**Rhys** *(03:41)*: remember the last time we chatted,

**Rhys** *(03:42)*: you were like saying that,

**ShaunThresher** *(03:43)*: Yeah, but there's a caveat to that. Did he break it down by like properly setting up your

**Rhys** *(03:43)*: um,

**Rhys** *(03:44)*: second brain is too complicated to sell.

**Rhys** *(03:46)*: And,

**Rhys** *(03:47)*: and you're looking for a fast emotional,

**Rhys** *(03:48)*: I had a,

**ShaunThresher** *(03:48)*: system where

**Rhys** *(03:49)*: I had a,

**ShaunThresher** *(03:50)*: Opus is the primary orchestrator and you're using a lot of the lower in models to do like like some of the heavy lifting and dirty work

**Rhys** *(03:50)*: I had a,

**Rhys** *(03:51)*: I was already thinking in the similar way,

**Rhys** *(03:53)*: or really accelerated it,

**Rhys** *(03:55)*: is this weekend,

**Rhys** *(03:56)*: I'm watching,

**ShaunThresher** *(03:56)*: I think you're kind of like you have to put in a lot of engineering effort

**Rhys** *(03:57)*: like people rage,

**Rhys** *(03:58)*: cancel,

**Rhys** *(03:59)*: um,

**ShaunThresher** *(03:59)*: To get the max out of cloud there because again, the specs those expensive are gonna go up. You can't be lazy about

**Rhys** *(04:00)*: God,

**Rhys** *(04:01)*: because of the pricing changes

**Rhys** *(04:02)*: that are coming in the 16th of June.

**Rhys** *(04:04)*: That's basically just,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:04)*: You just can't like leave cloud on and use max thinking all the time at this point. You got to like pull it back

**Rhys** *(04:05)*: it,

**Rhys** *(04:06)*: overreacting,

**Rhys** *(04:07)*: it's a 43 increase,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:09)*: You know work out use high coup to pull down

**Rhys** *(04:09)*: it's a,

**Rhys** *(04:10)*: times 43 increase in price.

**Rhys** *(04:12)*: But also, like,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:12)*: whatever like data from

**Rhys** *(04:13)*: Claude Pete,

**Rhys** *(04:14)*: using the P,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:14)*: The web, you know, where do I compile that and then what point do I bring in like opus to like evaluate that etc

**Rhys** *(04:15)*: so the headless mode,

**Rhys** *(04:16)*: which is what,

**Rhys** *(04:17)*: I was using for my,

**Rhys** *(04:18)*: my harness,

**Rhys** *(04:19)*: like,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:19)*: I think I have more strategic about how you can be paying the ass, but I mean that's just how it's gonna be going forward if you if you're if you're worried about expenses

**Rhys** *(04:20)*: but basically,

**Rhys** *(04:21)*: they're trained,

**Rhys** *(04:22)*: like it's a definitive move towards saying,

**Rhys** *(04:24)*: if you're using Claude

**Rhys** *(04:26)*: in short running agent mode,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:26)*: Or just go to code extra something else. Yeah, I could

**Rhys** *(04:29)*: like directly in the UI,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:30)*: Yeah, yeah

**Rhys** *(04:31)*: you get the,

**Rhys** *(04:32)*: times 43 boost

**ShaunThresher** *(04:32)*: Pretty much

**Rhys** *(04:34)*: on your credits.

**Rhys** *(04:35)*: If you're doing anything programmatically,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:35)*: Pretty much yeah

**Rhys** *(04:37)*: where you're interacting

**Rhys** *(04:38)*: with something that is not,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:38)*: All right, that's the way I see it. I mean, I think he's like like push the gas pedal down on like

**Rhys** *(04:40)*: interface,

**Rhys** *(04:41)*: even if that's your own scripts

**ShaunThresher** *(04:42)*: Just how can you start using these to like, you know, gain food holds in different markets, right?

**Rhys** *(04:43)*: running locally,

**Rhys** *(04:44)*: we run a chat

**Rhys** *(04:45)*: where we don't want you to be running,

**Rhys** *(04:46)*: they're trying to,

**Rhys** *(04:47)*: it makes sense, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(04:48)*: I was read one where you know

**Rhys** *(04:49)*: You want to make,

**ShaunThresher** *(04:50)*: There's there's plenty of submarkets where you could set up like a legion thing and let those like legions come in like

**Rhys** *(04:50)*: you want any,

**Rhys** *(04:51)*: think that people are,

**Rhys** *(04:52)*: you want every piece of usage

**Rhys** *(04:54)*: to lead to a screenshot

**ShaunThresher** *(04:54)*: We're definitely doctor, right? He does pain management

**Rhys** *(04:55)*: that people share

**Rhys** *(04:56)*: that is the Claude code logo.

**ShaunThresher** *(04:56)*: And if I had like like a Dallas area like a high ranking legion site

**Rhys** *(04:58)*: If anyone's using telegram integrations,

**Rhys** *(05:00)*: if anyone's using your own harnesses,

**ShaunThresher** *(05:01)*: Right and we're pulled in like, you know

**Rhys** *(05:01)*: where,

**Rhys** *(05:02)*: where it's just,

**Rhys** *(05:03)*: like, triggering and using tokens

**ShaunThresher** *(05:03)*: Let's just say we had even 10 to 12 leads per day. I mean he would be thrilled with that right and he's rented to him

**Rhys** *(05:05)*: and doesn't,

**Rhys** *(05:06)*: because I'm seeing people promote,

**Rhys** *(05:07)*: like,

**Rhys** *(05:08)*: features that Claude release,

**ShaunThresher** *(05:09)*: Like hey, I'll you know, you pay me xyz. It would be just like flat rate every month and they just should leads to him

**Rhys** *(05:11)*: like the goal mode,

**Rhys** *(05:13)*: and I'm seeing people say,

**ShaunThresher** *(05:14)*: And you just maintain the system on the back end

**Rhys** *(05:15)*: and I'm seeing people find out

**Rhys** *(05:17)*: about features that Claude pushed first,

**ShaunThresher** *(05:17)*: That's different. That's not what I'm talking about

**ShaunThresher** *(05:20)*: I'm talking about like

**Rhys** *(05:20)*: like, goal,

**Rhys** *(05:21)*: which is basically, like,

**Rhys** *(05:22)*: flow, the vision for flow, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(05:22)*: Like a network of sites, right that run local that that are optimized locally

**Rhys** *(05:23)*: But they've made it,

**Rhys** *(05:24)*: they've made it definitively,

**Rhys** *(05:26)*: is the Ralph Luke,

**Rhys** *(05:27)*: but I'm seeing people promote that

**ShaunThresher** *(05:27)*: Or like whatever city that we want to target, right? And then we get those up and running where they're generating

**Rhys** *(05:29)*: as if it was a Hermes innovation.

**Rhys** *(05:32)*: And I'm thinking,

**ShaunThresher** *(05:33)*: You know, if you know, we'll just call it 10 leads per day, right? And then we just start renting that out

**Rhys** *(05:33)*: this is winding,

**Rhys** *(05:34)*: I'm throwing it up to the point where,

**Rhys** *(05:36)*: like, fuck it,

**Rhys** *(05:37)*: if you're not,

**ShaunThresher** *(05:37)*: Like the doctor a doesn't like it when it's rented to somebody else, right? He's called like

**Rhys** *(05:38)*: if you're using all these other harnesses,

**Rhys** *(05:39)*: or you're building harnesses,

**Rhys** *(05:40)*: you're going to pay,

**ShaunThresher** *(05:41)*: You know flat rate of 500 bucks a month. You get 10 leads a day, right? And we just ship it over to him

**Rhys** *(05:41)*: you're going to get just 200 credits,

**Rhys** *(05:42)*: whereas people that are using Claude code

**Rhys** *(05:44)*: get $5,000,

**Rhys** *(05:45)*: that's okay.

**ShaunThresher** *(05:45)*: We just like switch out our switch out like the phone numbers the tracking phone numbers

**Rhys** *(05:46)*: So, when I saw that,

**Rhys** *(05:47)*: I'm like,

**Rhys** *(05:48)*: man,

**Rhys** *(05:49)*: I'm watching people

**ShaunThresher** *(05:49)*: We switch those out. He just goes to the next lot of office whoever's willing to pay us. That's that

**Rhys** *(05:50)*: that lost their business overnight.

**Rhys** *(05:51)*: There's one guy that I've been following for several months.

**Rhys** *(05:53)*: It basically just nuked his product,

**ShaunThresher** *(05:53)*: Yeah, I mean, I think these are these underserved markers. There's a tone out there, right? If you just like

**Rhys** *(05:54)*: and it was a good product.

**Rhys** *(05:56)*: And he just,

**Rhys** *(05:57)*: but he made a 43 video breakdown

**ShaunThresher** *(05:58)*: Again, it's not easy

**Rhys** *(05:59)*: on what pricing changes

**ShaunThresher** *(06:00)*: But if you set up a either way, you know, I don't see why this wouldn't work

**Rhys** *(06:00)*: actually mean.

**Rhys** *(06:01)*: It's the best video I've seen yet.

**Rhys** *(06:02)*: And then he just,

**Rhys** *(06:03)*: on the end of the video,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:03)*: I think this is a good side day in addition to like consulting work or things I'm working on, right?

**Rhys** *(06:04)*: he's just nuked.

**Rhys** *(06:05)*: When I saw that video,

**Rhys** *(06:06)*: I'm like,

**Rhys** *(06:07)*: Sean is, like,

**Rhys** *(06:08)*: onto something when he's,

**Rhys** *(06:09)*: like, trying to find,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:09)*: Right amount not my goal is to get a small team in place

**Rhys** *(06:10)*: the point where I'm even

**Rhys** *(06:11)*: considering opening up

**Rhys** *(06:12)*: a baby store company,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:13)*: Where I can manage like eight to ten clients

**Rhys** *(06:14)*: importing from China

**Rhys** *(06:15)*: and then making a,

**Rhys** *(06:16)*: in AI video stuff.

**ShaunThresher** *(06:16)*: Yeah, it's yeah, yeah, it's it's again the the the the stuff I'm offering for the current doctor

**Rhys** *(06:18)*: So he's,

**Rhys** *(06:19)*: so basically,

**Rhys** *(06:20)*: all of the AI

**Rhys** *(06:21)*: that you're using

**ShaunThresher** *(06:21)*: I believe it's very high values, right?

**Rhys** *(06:22)*: in context of that engagement,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:23)*: So I can make a doctor that is wanting to like grow presents online

**Rhys** *(06:23)*: he doesn't pay for that

**Rhys** *(06:24)*: as a separate service.

**Rhys** *(06:25)*: He's just penned

**Rhys** *(06:26)*: for the marketing service.

**ShaunThresher** *(06:26)*: You know, if I can show the results that we've got so far again, you know, growing from three to you know

**Rhys** *(06:27)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(06:29)*: That's,

**Rhys** *(06:30)*: I found the same with this other,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:30)*: I think we're up around six to one thousand dollars followers in there and you know, have like a nice dream of 10k month

**Rhys** *(06:31)*: like,

**Rhys** *(06:32)*: I found the same

**Rhys** *(06:33)*: with the,

**Rhys** *(06:34)*: the HVAC company,

**Rhys** *(06:35)*: like,

**Rhys** *(06:36)*: boomers don't get it.

**ShaunThresher** *(06:36)*: 10k month revenue stream on there. I think it's very tracking for a doctor

**Rhys** *(06:37)*: That's what I'm realizing.

**Rhys** *(06:38)*: It's,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:39)*: Yeah, there is quality there. There's a qualification feature on that, right? They have to be willing to

**Rhys** *(06:40)*: it's,

**Rhys** *(06:41)*: it's a real effort

**Rhys** *(06:42)*: to get them to one

**Rhys** *(06:43)*: of us.

**ShaunThresher** *(06:44)*: There's a couple of caveants. They have to be willing to produce content or already producing content

**Rhys** *(06:44)*: It feels a little bit,

**Rhys** *(06:45)*: I think what it is,

**Rhys** *(06:46)*: it's been burnt

**Rhys** *(06:47)*: by technology in the past.

**Rhys** *(06:48)*: Like, I reckon they,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:48)*: Or they have a some store of proprietary thing like the book or something like that. They do have to be qualified for that

**Rhys** *(06:49)*: a lot of these people

**Rhys** *(06:50)*: got caught

**Rhys** *(06:51)*: with their pants down

**Rhys** *(06:52)*: in the dot-com bubble.

**Rhys** *(06:53)*: And they're like,

**Rhys** *(06:54)*: and it is true

**ShaunThresher** *(06:54)*: I just any clinic will work

**Rhys** *(06:55)*: that it is a bubble,

**Rhys** *(06:56)*: but it's also not a bubble.

**Rhys** *(06:57)*: It's both at the same time,

**Rhys** *(06:58)*: but if you're in a,

**ShaunThresher** *(06:58)*: Yeah

**Rhys** *(06:59)*: if you're not in an abundance mindset,

**ShaunThresher** *(07:01)*: Yeah, I haven't even got that far yet

**Rhys** *(07:01)*: if you're in an opposite,

**Rhys** *(07:02)*: if you're in a scarcity mindset,

**ShaunThresher** *(07:03)*: To be honest, I just mean like so bogged down was like for one

**Rhys** *(07:03)*: you're forever wide to think,

**Rhys** *(07:05)*: it's a bubble,

**Rhys** *(07:06)*: it's going to burst

**ShaunThresher** *(07:07)*: It's not clear about what I wanted to offer in the next tips I wanted to make and then two

**Rhys** *(07:07)*: and therefore you

**Rhys** *(07:08)*: don't invest when you need to

**Rhys** *(07:09)*: and hey,

**Rhys** *(07:10)*: now look at what Claude

**ShaunThresher** *(07:10)*: It's just like I haven't done any prospecting around that yet. I need I need you I need to like write down exactly my offer

**Rhys** *(07:11)*: just did,

**Rhys** *(07:12)*: experimenting

**Rhys** *(07:13)*: with programmatic use

**Rhys** *(07:14)*: case is about to become

**ShaunThresher** *(07:16)*: And what that means and what it costs and then start putting things out about what that would look like

**Rhys** *(07:16)*: very,

**Rhys** *(07:17)*: 43 times

**Rhys** *(07:18)*: more expensive.

**Rhys** *(07:19)*: So,

**Rhys** *(07:20)*: people that have not been

**ShaunThresher** *(07:20)*: Yet, I don't really don't have the bandwidth like do much more than I am right now

**Rhys** *(07:21)*: on the,

**Rhys** *(07:22)*: in the changes.

**Rhys** *(07:23)*: Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:23)*: Like you've got to see that too. Just keep with the content. I do right now

**Rhys** *(07:24)*: I mean,

**Rhys** *(07:25)*: I don't know whether

**ShaunThresher** *(07:26)*: So I definitely have to figure out how to make that work with the teams. It has to be

**Rhys** *(07:26)*: code,

**Rhys** *(07:27)*: what the token limits are

**Rhys** *(07:28)*: on code X,

**Rhys** *(07:29)*: but still it,

**ShaunThresher** *(07:29)*: um

**ShaunThresher** *(07:30)*: What's the word I'm looking for here almost templated right there's gonna be like partial AI help

**Rhys** *(07:30)*: but basically everything you just

**Rhys** *(07:31)*: describe basically just means

**Rhys** *(07:32)*: the orchestration

**Rhys** *(07:33)*: challenge just become

**Rhys** *(07:34)*: higher.

**ShaunThresher** *(07:34)*: And then there's gonna be partial somebody helping me run that

**Rhys** *(07:35)*: And even if you did,

**Rhys** *(07:37)*: so like,

**ShaunThresher** *(07:37)*: Another problem I'm finding with

**Rhys** *(07:38)*: even if,

**Rhys** *(07:39)*: which means that you need to

**ShaunThresher** *(07:39)*: um

**Rhys** *(07:40)*: convince people to pay

**ShaunThresher** *(07:40)*: Second brain is like nobody else can use my system. It's all accustomed to me

**Rhys** *(07:41)*: in that service fee

**Rhys** *(07:42)*: and why it makes sense.

**Rhys** *(07:43)*: And even if you do,

**ShaunThresher** *(07:44)*: I know where all the commands are and all the workflows. It's just like you know, it's like my it's like

**Rhys** *(07:44)*: you still like,

**Rhys** *(07:45)*: get like,

**Rhys** *(07:47)*: that the model you just described

**ShaunThresher** *(07:49)*: It's like having the remote on your TV program like you're your preferences

**Rhys** *(07:49)*: as,

**Rhys** *(07:50)*: not Opus,

**Rhys** *(07:51)*: what was the other model you said?

**ShaunThresher** *(07:53)*: You go to your friends out. She came trying to TV on yeah

**Rhys** *(07:53)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(07:54)*: No, the other one.

**Rhys** *(07:55)*: Sonnet.

**Rhys** *(07:56)*: Sonnet, for example,

**Rhys** *(07:57)*: is like,

**ShaunThresher** *(07:58)*: I can only talk I could probably do like two three clients that that would be it right. I couldn't do much more than that

**Rhys** *(07:58)*: six times cheaper than Opus.

**Rhys** *(08:00)*: But we're talking about 43 times

**Rhys** *(08:02)*: less tokens.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:02)*: Oh, there's there's still a lot of editing that has to happen

**Rhys** *(08:03)*: So like,

**Rhys** *(08:04)*: basically,

**Rhys** *(08:05)*: even if you do invest

**ShaunThresher** *(08:05)*: But I can't I do pretty good on one shot

**Rhys** *(08:07)*: more in an orchestration,

**ShaunThresher** *(08:07)*: But still that you have to put eyeballs on it and review it and all that just because of there's such a high risk and like

**Rhys** *(08:08)*: you still have

**Rhys** *(08:09)*: a lot less tokens

**Rhys** *(08:10)*: than you did.

**Rhys** *(08:11)*: So the reality is,

**Rhys** *(08:12)*: it is just become,

**ShaunThresher** *(08:12)*: Medical type of content you can't you can't risk certain thing you can't make claims on there

**Rhys** *(08:13)*: about to come

**Rhys** *(08:14)*: a lot more expensive to

**Rhys** *(08:15)*: experiment.

**Rhys** *(08:16)*: So that's why I'm like,

**ShaunThresher** *(08:16)*: They would put the the medical wind with a doctorate risk of like saying something's not true or that like they can be sued for

**Rhys** *(08:17)*: oh, if we're already

**Rhys** *(08:18)*: getting challenging

**Rhys** *(08:19)*: to convince certain boomers

**Rhys** *(08:21)*: who are holding all the

**Rhys** *(08:22)*: resources to invest,

**Rhys** *(08:23)*: that's where I'm like,

**Rhys** *(08:24)*: is it better to

**ShaunThresher** *(08:24)*: You still have to you still have to I've got those

**Rhys** *(08:25)*: can spend all the effort

**ShaunThresher** *(08:27)*: Yeah, I've got evals built in there. I've got it double checks the content

**Rhys** *(08:27)*: to convince these fuckers

**Rhys** *(08:28)*: that they need to invest?

**Rhys** *(08:29)*: Or,

**Rhys** *(08:30)*: is it better just to use it

**Rhys** *(08:31)*: to gain an edge

**ShaunThresher** *(08:31)*: Compared to his computer the the social media posts compared to what his books. It also checks like

**Rhys** *(08:32)*: and totally fuck them over

**Rhys** *(08:33)*: and take that lunch?

**Rhys** *(08:34)*: That's kind of it, right?

**Rhys** *(08:36)*: That's kind of it, right?

**Rhys** *(08:37)*: Like, why,

**ShaunThresher** *(08:38)*: Some of the claims in the posts if they're valid

**Rhys** *(08:38)*: like, their complacency

**Rhys** *(08:40)*: is the edge.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:41)*: But you still have to go back and edit that I mean you can't 100% thrust what it's gonna produce even if you have evals in there

**Rhys** *(08:41)*: Like,

**Rhys** *(08:42)*: is our edge?

**Rhys** *(08:43)*: Because you,

**Rhys** *(08:44)*: yeah, the lead thing,

**Rhys** *(08:45)*: leads has always been,

**ShaunThresher** *(08:46)*: And sometimes it goes up course. I mean, I mean as many evals as I put back into it

**Rhys** *(08:47)*: like, that's like

**Rhys** *(08:48)*: everyone wants leads

**Rhys** *(08:49)*: from sellers people

**Rhys** *(08:50)*: to marketing people.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:50)*: I mean, I've got like I think there's like 40 plus rules

**Rhys** *(08:51)*: It's just like,

**Rhys** *(08:52)*: because it's like

**ShaunThresher** *(08:53)*: I've got on the back end of this thing that worked and it just it's still it's spits

**Rhys** *(08:53)*: so many job titles

**Rhys** *(08:54)*: have a

**Rhys** *(08:55)*: ask on the line

**Rhys** *(08:56)*: to provide that.

**ShaunThresher** *(08:57)*: Things like man, I still have to verify

**Rhys** *(08:57)*: So,

**Rhys** *(08:58)*: it's always going to be

**Rhys** *(08:59)*: a somewhat easy,

**ShaunThresher** *(08:59)*: But if I put if I just put a publish on there, I'll be getting and we wouldn't work together very long

**Rhys** *(09:00)*: easy sell.

**Rhys** *(09:01)*: But then,

**Rhys** *(09:02)*: is that, like,

**Rhys** *(09:03)*: the surface of the front

**ShaunThresher** *(09:04)*: He's to yeah, I mean I couldn't I've had a couple that went out and were like he's like what is this you know

**Rhys** *(09:04)*: has been around for a while,

**Rhys** *(09:05)*: right?

**Rhys** *(09:06)*: You pay these,

**Rhys** *(09:07)*: the cheap,

**Rhys** *(09:08)*: the,

**ShaunThresher** *(09:08)*: We need to say that and I have to go back and be fine those and I have to keep eyes on things all the time

**Rhys** *(09:09)*: used to pay companies

**Rhys** *(09:10)*: that would then have access

**Rhys** *(09:11)*: to these tools,

**Rhys** *(09:12)*: you give them targeting criteria,

**Rhys** *(09:13)*: they go in arbitrage

**ShaunThresher** *(09:13)*: Yeah, it's really really really good. Oh, it does it does now don't get me wrong

**Rhys** *(09:14)*: and go in, like,

**Rhys** *(09:15)*: extract the right people.

**Rhys** *(09:16)*: Is this,

**Rhys** *(09:17)*: is this the thing

**ShaunThresher** *(09:18)*: It does I've got to the point now where it does like I've trimmed the editing time way way way down

**Rhys** *(09:19)*: you're most bullish on?

**Rhys** *(09:21)*: You're like,

**Rhys** *(09:22)*: the way your,

**ShaunThresher** *(09:22)*: Right I can I can go through it and I know it's gonna be pretty much accurate

**Rhys** *(09:23)*: your, your research

**Rhys** *(09:24)*: is taking you

**Rhys** *(09:25)*: as far.

**Rhys** *(09:26)*: Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:26)*: It depends on the type of post that claims it makes a lot to go back and have a review that I mean like

**Rhys** *(09:27)*: So,

**Rhys** *(09:28)*: setting the current service offering

**Rhys** *(09:30)*: or the new service offering.

**ShaunThresher** *(09:31)*: Yeah, I can go back and edit it. It's okay

**Rhys** *(09:31)*: So,

**Rhys** *(09:32)*: but,

**Rhys** *(09:33)*: not everyone,

**Rhys** *(09:34)*: like,

**ShaunThresher** *(09:34)*: Right, but I've got it down. We're like it's like shaking itself. I got a couple reviews

**Rhys** *(09:35)*: the doctor is a

**Rhys** *(09:36)*: rare case

**Rhys** *(09:37)*: or a case

**Rhys** *(09:38)*: where

**ShaunThresher** *(09:38)*: I run through and all that so

**Rhys** *(09:39)*: he had books

**Rhys** *(09:40)*: and books

**ShaunThresher** *(09:40)*: It's good, but again, it's not 100% I don't know if it I know it's gonna take to get to 100% you just can't push publish on it

**Rhys** *(09:41)*: and books of material.

**Rhys** *(09:42)*: Okay,

**Rhys** *(09:43)*: got you.

**Rhys** *(09:44)*: So, it's not so,

**Rhys** *(09:45)*: so if they've got

**ShaunThresher** *(09:46)*: Yeah, more like productize it so it's more simpler just like kind of rinse and repeat on what we do each time

**Rhys** *(09:46)*: a bit,

**Rhys** *(09:47)*: so basically the hidden,

**Rhys** *(09:48)*: yeah.

**Rhys** *(09:49)*: You can see what you mean.

**Rhys** *(09:50)*: So,

**Rhys** *(09:51)*: you're looking for people

**Rhys** *(09:52)*: that are willing

**ShaunThresher** *(09:52)*: Yeah, because the problem is it's like I've always been just like I'll just do kind of a little bit of everything

**Rhys** *(09:53)*: to get their expertise down on paper.

**Rhys** *(09:54)*: That's like,

**Rhys** *(09:55)*: that limits the,

**Rhys** *(09:56)*: yeah, that limits the pool

**ShaunThresher** *(09:57)*: Whoever comes on board writes so and that's been like a bottle like because you're spending hours

**Rhys** *(09:57)*: quite a bit

**Rhys** *(09:58)*: because I know a lot of companies

**Rhys** *(09:59)*: where they're,

**Rhys** *(10:00)*: they're trapped

**Rhys** *(10:01)*: in this mindset of

**ShaunThresher** *(10:01)*: Custom proposal right rather than like just like this is kind of rinse our people will be due and then from there

**Rhys** *(10:02)*: because they've built

**Rhys** *(10:03)*: means that they have a

**Rhys** *(10:04)*: worthwhile voice.

**Rhys** *(10:05)*: But, like,

**Rhys** *(10:06)*: as I'm seeing

**Rhys** *(10:07)*: with the HAT guys,

**ShaunThresher** *(10:07)*: You know, we'll go through boxes of doing audit and this and that and then it's not very clear once you get past the audit

**Rhys** *(10:08)*: like,

**Rhys** *(10:09)*: yeah, they,

**Rhys** *(10:10)*: they have a lot of,

**Rhys** *(10:11)*: they claimed to have

**Rhys** *(10:12)*: a lot of experience

**ShaunThresher** *(10:12)*: You start doing the work you do like the first project and a half and at that point it becomes unclear about how to proceed forward

**Rhys** *(10:13)*: in the industry.

**Rhys** *(10:14)*: But, like, at the end

**Rhys** *(10:15)*: of the day,

**Rhys** *(10:16)*: if they had the,

**Rhys** *(10:17)*: that the experience

**Rhys** *(10:18)*: that they claimed,

**ShaunThresher** *(10:18)*: Yeah

**Rhys** *(10:19)*: they would be able

**ShaunThresher** *(10:20)*: So you figured out product market fit

**Rhys** *(10:20)*: to create content

**Rhys** *(10:21)*: that lands.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:22)*: Yeah

**Rhys** *(10:22)*: I mean,

**Rhys** *(10:23)*: you're,

**Rhys** *(10:24)*: your,

**Rhys** *(10:25)*: your doctor,

**Rhys** *(10:26)*: he's made books

**Rhys** *(10:27)*: that sell.

**Rhys** *(10:28)*: Like,

**Rhys** *(10:29)*: that's some sort

**ShaunThresher** *(10:29)*: That's your price point as well

**Rhys** *(10:30)*: of content market fit.

**Rhys** *(10:31)*: So,

**ShaunThresher** *(10:32)*: Hmm

**Rhys** *(10:32)*: getting social media

**Rhys** *(10:33)*: working for him.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:34)*: I'm in a unique sector. I know what you're talking about. I'm in a unique sector with I understand if

**Rhys** *(10:34)*: Are you finding

**Rhys** *(10:35)*: more leads that have,

**Rhys** *(10:36)*: like,

**Rhys** *(10:37)*: that are willing

**Rhys** *(10:38)*: to create content

**Rhys** *(10:39)*: or that have books?

**ShaunThresher** *(10:39)*: I'm gonna go on a limb here and say like the clients that Mike to work with are pretty savvy about like

**Rhys** *(10:40)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(10:41)*: But,

**Rhys** *(10:42)*: that's,

**Rhys** *(10:43)*: that was the point

**Rhys** *(10:44)*: of a personal OS, right?

**ShaunThresher** *(10:44)*: How a lot of that paid media works they've worked with probably prior agencies, right?

**Rhys** *(10:45)*: But,

**Rhys** *(10:46)*: now,

**Rhys** *(10:47)*: now your operation

**ShaunThresher** *(10:48)*: And they kind of know the game and it's very difficult if you're not getting a performance right out of the gate to make that work

**Rhys** *(10:48)*: is growing

**Rhys** *(10:49)*: to the point where

**Rhys** *(10:50)*: you're limited,

**Rhys** *(10:51)*: you're limited

**Rhys** *(10:52)*: by your own capacity.

**ShaunThresher** *(10:53)*: And again, you're right if they're if their product market fit isn't tuned in and if they don't have the right budget

**Rhys** *(10:53)*: But then,

**Rhys** *(10:54)*: but,

**Rhys** *(10:55)*: why do you need

**Rhys** *(10:56)*: the extra people?

**Rhys** *(10:57)*: Can you just

**Rhys** *(10:58)*: extend your,

**ShaunThresher** *(10:58)*: And if they don't say the right messaging that's very difficult, right? So he's got like a very steep challenge because

**Rhys** *(10:59)*: your thing

**Rhys** *(11:00)*: that gives you

**Rhys** *(11:01)*: the extra breathing room

**Rhys** *(11:02)*: to process more?

**Rhys** *(11:03)*: You,

**ShaunThresher** *(11:04)*: Sure, you can run ads, but if they're their pages of convert

**Rhys** *(11:04)*: like, what's taking

**Rhys** *(11:05)*: all the bandwidth

**Rhys** *(11:06)*: if you've got,

**ShaunThresher** *(11:06)*: You know, that's not really your your problem and it kind of is right

**Rhys** *(11:07)*: hmm,

**Rhys** *(11:08)*: so, it sounds,

**Rhys** *(11:09)*: it sounds to me,

**ShaunThresher** *(11:10)*: So there's that and why I see I'm in a unique position is because most of the clients that I work with doctor for example

**Rhys** *(11:10)*: like,

**Rhys** *(11:11)*: what you're missing

**Rhys** *(11:12)*: is a really decent QAE vowel,

**Rhys** *(11:13)*: like,

**Rhys** *(11:14)*: but,

**Rhys** *(11:15)*: that's something that

**ShaunThresher** *(11:16)*: They don't want to monkey with they don't want to manage their site. They don't do any of that. They just want to show it me doctor

**Rhys** *(11:16)*: goes through certain,

**Rhys** *(11:17)*: like,

**Rhys** *(11:18)*: something that really works.

**Rhys** *(11:19)*: Like,

**ShaunThresher** *(11:20)*: Right, so if I can come in and I can say look I can manage all of your online properties for you

**Rhys** *(11:20)*: if you had that,

**Rhys** *(11:21)*: that you did not have to do

**Rhys** *(11:22)*: the human

**Rhys** *(11:23)*: in the loop review,

**ShaunThresher** *(11:24)*: I can fix things when they're broken. Oh, by the way, I can also, you know

**Rhys** *(11:25)*: yeah.

**Rhys** *(11:26)*: Really?

**Rhys** *(11:27)*: That's interesting.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:28)*: Make sure that you're getting leads and if I don't et cetera, right? That's very factor to them

**Rhys** *(11:28)*: It makes me,

**Rhys** *(11:29)*: it makes me bearish

**Rhys** *(11:30)*: on AI.

**Rhys** *(11:31)*: Like,

**ShaunThresher** *(11:31)*: Right, so it's not it's a combination of those two there

**Rhys** *(11:32)*: where,

**Rhys** *(11:33)*: I guess what it is doing

**Rhys** *(11:34)*: is it summarising information

**ShaunThresher** *(11:34)*: And that's been very helpful for me

**Rhys** *(11:35)*: for you at scale.

**Rhys** *(11:36)*: So, it's giving you the idea,

**ShaunThresher** *(11:36)*: Yes, we've had these these performance things and it's not because the doctor right the the biggest secret is is we found a hungry audience

**Rhys** *(11:37)*: it's solving,

**Rhys** *(11:38)*: like, the ideas for content.

**Rhys** *(11:39)*: Otherwise,

**Rhys** *(11:40)*: you'd have to spend forever

**Rhys** *(11:41)*: trying to come up

**Rhys** *(11:42)*: with different ideas.

**Rhys** *(11:43)*: Okay.

**ShaunThresher** *(11:44)*: And we put his message in front of the hungry audience. That's a secret, right?

**Rhys** *(11:44)*: So,

**Rhys** *(11:45)*: it sounds to me,

**Rhys** *(11:46)*: like,

**ShaunThresher** *(11:47)*: This long COVID thing and this chronic illness sector that we work in right the people are starving for information

**Rhys** *(11:47)*: the conclusion you've landed on

**Rhys** *(11:48)*: is,

**Rhys** *(11:49)*: I've, basically,

**Rhys** *(11:50)*: you,

**Rhys** *(11:51)*: if I put myself in your shoes,

**Rhys** *(11:52)*: it sounds like you've gone

**ShaunThresher** *(11:52)*: And you can see by like the results we get

**Rhys** *(11:53)*: through a journey way,

**Rhys** *(11:54)*: like,

**ShaunThresher** *(11:54)*: It's not because the doctor's fantastic is because we put his message out there and it's getting to the right people

**Rhys** *(11:55)*: wait a minute,

**Rhys** *(11:56)*: I'm already

**Rhys** *(11:57)*: selling marketing services.

**Rhys** *(11:58)*: I just sell more

**ShaunThresher** *(11:59)*: That's it, right? So if we were going to go with a another client again, like we mentioned

**Rhys** *(11:59)*: marketing services.

**Rhys** *(12:00)*: I need to build a team

**Rhys** *(12:01)*: around them.

**Rhys** *(12:02)*: Or, basically,

**Rhys** *(12:03)*: you've gone through the

**ShaunThresher** *(12:03)*: It would have to we would have to our research and try to figure out some like that if we went for like

**Rhys** *(12:04)*: conclusion of, like,

**Rhys** *(12:05)*: instead of looking for

**Rhys** *(12:06)*: another offer,

**Rhys** *(12:07)*: why don't I just scale

**ShaunThresher** *(12:08)*: I don't know there's social media plays out there again. There's some viral content. I've seen where

**Rhys** *(12:08)*: my current offering?

**Rhys** *(12:09)*: We're in some repeat

**Rhys** *(12:10)*: each time,

**Rhys** *(12:11)*: growing social media following.

**Rhys** *(12:12)*: Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:12)*: You just published boring stuff in a in a fashion anyway

**Rhys** *(12:13)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(12:14)*: Yeah.

**Rhys** *(12:15)*: Okay.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:15)*: That's that's been helpful or if you can find if he has something very unique about him

**Rhys** *(12:16)*: I mean,

**Rhys** *(12:17)*: let me ask a point

**Rhys** *(12:18)*: to question that is, like,

**Rhys** *(12:19)*: always led to me being shy

**ShaunThresher** *(12:19)*: Like he treats again like these chronic sectors, right? That could be interesting as well

**Rhys** *(12:21)*: with pursuing marketing,

**ShaunThresher** *(12:23)*: But it's going to take some research and you know, you have to like dive into it

**Rhys** *(12:23)*: and why I tried to avoid it

**Rhys** *(12:24)*: like the plague.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:26)*: And it may be just the case that like you tell you before those on board and they're and they're long-term clients

**Rhys** *(12:27)*: Personally, to close my

**Rhys** *(12:28)*: bias.

**Rhys** *(12:29)*: And,

**Rhys** *(12:30)*: my bias is that,

**ShaunThresher** *(12:31)*: You may have to take some of those that like aren't iffy about if they're going to convert or not

**Rhys** *(12:32)*: I grew up on the

**Rhys** *(12:34)*: performance-marketing wave.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:34)*: Yeah, zero. It's him one. He's like the perfect client. I couldn't wish for a better

**Rhys** *(12:36)*: However,

**Rhys** *(12:38)*: my big wins early on in my

**Rhys** *(12:40)*: career have always been

**ShaunThresher** *(12:40)*: He's so hungry. He's got these books. He wrote

**Rhys** *(12:41)*: through seeing that

**Rhys** *(12:42)*: the performance spend

**Rhys** *(12:43)*: wasn't working,

**ShaunThresher** *(12:43)*: He just built his own app, right?

**Rhys** *(12:44)*: and then doing

**Rhys** *(12:45)*: primary research,

**ShaunThresher** *(12:45)*: We're gonna start marketing this app to other doctors because he wants to help he wants to train other doctors and what he knows

**Rhys** *(12:47)*: customer interviews,

**Rhys** *(12:48)*: that led to changes

**Rhys** *(12:50)*: in the product.

**ShaunThresher** *(12:51)*: He's got an app basically if they license this app

**Rhys** *(12:52)*: That was the liver

**Rhys** *(12:53)*: that led to

**Rhys** *(12:54)*: the 10 or 100x multiple growth. Did that cost? Product market fit was always the major blocker,

**ShaunThresher** *(12:54)*: It gives that doctor access to be able to have his like all of his

**ShaunThresher** *(12:58)*: His forms of things they can so their patients can fill out all I do is like fill out this questionnaire and then they will have an answer

**Rhys** *(13:00)*: right? And then an event and so that led me to like consume courses that were very much

**ShaunThresher** *(13:04)*: To figure out what sort of like degree of illness their patient has

**Rhys** *(13:06)*: bread product lever focused and as well as the reforge school of thought. And so voice being

**ShaunThresher** *(13:09)*: It's pretty pretty phenomenal. We just come up with he's like hey

**ShaunThresher** *(13:12)*: Just go actually. He just told me today. He's like hey p goes do let's go do testing on this. We're gonna start shaping this soon

**Rhys** *(13:15)*: like figure out your use cases do some analytics figure out where you get where you have more

**ShaunThresher** *(13:16)*: I mean, it's like the perfect line. I mean, I could literally just like

**Rhys** *(13:19)*: product market fit, what this bread is looks like, what the growth of each of those use cases

**ShaunThresher** *(13:19)*: Quit everything else and just like focus on him 110% right? I mean, that would be and grow the shit out of it for him

**Rhys** *(13:23)*: and cater entry points looks like. So I've always been like very much focused on that. And

**ShaunThresher** *(13:25)*: Yeah, yeah, yeah

**Rhys** *(13:28)*: and when it comes to the marketing, Mike has a slightly different framing what I also agree with

**ShaunThresher** *(13:29)*: Oh, I know I know again

**ShaunThresher** *(13:30)*: It's one of those two right that there's definitely a very what time is I gotta keep it on the time

**Rhys** *(13:34)*: and I've been struggling to integrate these two philosophies, but I can get it also. But my

**ShaunThresher** *(13:35)*: I gotta take my kid up here in a few minutes. So if I got to jump out of here in about four minutes. I gotta go

**Rhys** *(13:39)*: philosophy has always been that and he also agrees with mine as well, I just haven't figured out how

**ShaunThresher** *(13:39)*: Oh, there's two issues here. It's one build that agency is one side of another side of it is

**Rhys** *(13:43)*: to integrate this fully. But basically the product that you sell has a direct impact on what channels

**ShaunThresher** *(13:45)*: Building this doctor out. It's one. It's one of the other one the doctors got a gigantic opportunity there, right

**ShaunThresher** *(13:50)*: There's just in the US what it is like five million people with this issue right so the market the tam is huge

**Rhys** *(13:51)*: are available to you and which channels and which channel you primarily you should lean into.

**Rhys** *(13:57)*: Exam is a really simple example. If you sell a product for 20 bucks a month and customer

**ShaunThresher** *(13:57)*: So if we can start expanding and getting the clinic etc that would that would really wrap up for him

**ShaunThresher** *(14:02)*: There's that and he's definitely talking about he's on the partner of this like when I first came on board last January

**Rhys** *(14:03)*: stay for one to two years, you cannot make enterprise work enterprise sales. It's just impossible

**ShaunThresher** *(14:08)*: We had like a contractor agreement where after certain revenue levels

**Rhys** *(14:10)*: because the cost of hiring that talent is and what the and the work that is involved there

**ShaunThresher** *(14:11)*: We would split revenue where I think I think you'd be good for that. We just haven't got that level yet

**ShaunThresher** *(14:16)*: We're starting to get some of the channels on board and starting to work

**Rhys** *(14:16)*: isn't going to you're going to be losing money. So you are forced by definition of the product

**ShaunThresher** *(14:18)*: We're starting to get where like

**ShaunThresher** *(14:20)*: My fees are getting covered out of like the work that I produced not out of this pocket. So he's getting pretty excited about that

**Rhys** *(14:22)*: that you sell. You are forced into investing into viral low-cap channels, social media. Yeah.

**ShaunThresher** *(14:26)*: Again, he wants to launch his app thing. He wants to get a lot more publicity and help him grow the company

**ShaunThresher** *(14:30)*: So we're talking about that

**Rhys** *(14:31)*: So that that's like the the the product channel fit reforge called it that product channel fit

**ShaunThresher** *(14:32)*: On the other side is like I guess

**ShaunThresher** *(14:34)*: I want to do things outside of that just kind of cover my ass

**Rhys** *(14:36)*: right. And the reason why I've why I've struggled with social was probably because as a function of

**ShaunThresher** *(14:37)*: I guess is like that's where the agency part came in yeah took me one year I would say

**ShaunThresher** *(14:42)*: Yeah, well, I mean on my end

**Rhys** *(14:43)*: I've tend to close B2B easier than B2B clients. So then I've always and then I always end up

**ShaunThresher** *(14:44)*: The first few months the doctor we had to cut back our fees. So just caveat on that we had to cut back fees for like the first

**ShaunThresher** *(14:50)*: Like four or five months because he had some cash flow issues, right

**Rhys** *(14:52)*: in this conversation of well wait a minute like before we invest in social media like let's see

**ShaunThresher** *(14:53)*: But he was good for it at the end of the day he he bought us you know, he had like a

**ShaunThresher** *(14:57)*: He paid us out in like full. I think around like six months six or eight. So I'm like that

**Rhys** *(14:57)*: whether it into like basically that's like making a big strategic bet on a channel without any

**ShaunThresher** *(15:02)*: So he he caught up on all back payments. So we're up to date on that

**Rhys** *(15:03)*: consideration. And even and even though people come to the door like hey I need someone to

**ShaunThresher** *(15:05)*: And then

**ShaunThresher** *(15:06)*: The biggest thing was like getting a site up to speed where it can actually convert and make you know people

**Rhys** *(15:07)*: social media if you have a look at the organic organic reach over the last five years it's like social

**ShaunThresher** *(15:10)*: Sign up for the clinic because it's pretty poor like it's probably his previous agency

**ShaunThresher** *(15:14)*: We're just running some cheap ass you know lead lead magnet and it wasn't converting for him

**Rhys** *(15:15)*: media is getting blasted it's like really hard to make social media work and you've made it work

**ShaunThresher** *(15:17)*: You spending a ton of money on like Facebook ads. It wasn't working, right? And there was some couple hard conversations last year

**Rhys** *(15:19)*: for one customer very well. But like that is like the reason why I'm shy to invest in marketing

**ShaunThresher** *(15:23)*: But before I think you kind of took off. It's been a slow ramp up and then like we we started like figure out how to get social media working

**Rhys** *(15:26)*: companies or as an agency is like can you legitimately repeat that success time and time again

**ShaunThresher** *(15:29)*: We found like a trigger for that. Now he's you know super happy

**ShaunThresher** *(15:31)*: So it's just been there's kind of some things out. Yeah, it's annual

**Rhys** *(15:33)*: with a high enough success rate to make the churn still profitable for the times that you don't

**ShaunThresher** *(15:37)*: Yeah, there are also two cloud just

**ShaunThresher** *(15:40)*: Released the whole entire suite of financial services

**Rhys** *(15:40)*: make it work in the customer churns because that's what was I'm earning Mike with his previous agency

**ShaunThresher** *(15:43)*: Hey, I mean hey, I got jump. I got to pick like yet for school

**ShaunThresher** *(15:45)*: We can continue when I get back here in about 15 minutes or so. I won't spend it for me

**Rhys** *(15:46)*: ladder is like some companies you can make advertising work quite quickly and they stay but can you

**ShaunThresher** *(15:49)*: I got some meetings to catch up with anyways

**Rhys** *(15:51)*: make enough on with them to offset the companies where the channel fundamentally doesn't work with

**ShaunThresher** *(15:51)*: That's it. Bye. Bye

**Rhys** *(15:57)*: the product offering. And then you've got and then if you try and raise the margins

**Rhys** *(16:02)*: do offset that cost you end up. So this doctor his practice how many reverent like he makes money

**Rhys** *(16:14)*: based on a doctor providing a service how many doctors does he have as part of his practice?

**Rhys** *(16:19)*: Wow okay so basically you're selling to to and I mean I mean it's great right he got you in

**Rhys** *(16:32)*: out of a sticky sticky spot but like what the value if we were to look critically at the value

**Rhys** *(16:37)*: that you're providing you and all of the online staff and all the media staff and all the

**Rhys** *(16:41)*: like essentially you're fulfilling the the the co-found the marketing co-founder role

**Rhys** *(16:49)*: which is the hardest piece of the business to get right it's the growth engine of the business

**Rhys** *(16:54)*: and that like you know at the very least is like a 20% of the company equity like the very

**Rhys** *(17:01)*: so like what how do you want to like is this the highest leverage play that you can make over the

**Rhys** *(17:09)*: next three years where if you did a best job in order that you could do at starting this agency

**Rhys** *(17:16)*: that you're going to re-elde to retire that's my question okay how long did it take by the way

**Rhys** *(17:24)*: to get to the point where it's your your visa getting covered by the one year? Yeah that's the

**Rhys** *(17:30)*: thing I hope that's what I keep telling the the HFAT guys like it's like you've got to be prepared

**Rhys** *(17:35)*: for like their 12 to 18 month investment before thing it takes six months to get and just

**Rhys** *(17:40)*: to sales or app like on assuming you have a play but there's already ready yeah they were there

**Rhys** *(17:45)*: there but here's the thing like what frustrates me and I've just basically told them that they're a

**Rhys** *(17:48)*: bad customer like they're like they're like they're like they are the worst type of customer that

**Rhys** *(17:53)*: they they have a problem they need they know they have a problem but they don't value the solution

**Rhys** *(17:58)*: and they have and they haven't been investing in there they've been extracting all extraction

**Rhys** *(18:01)*: motor everything's a bit of a yeah okay fair you do you do a proper one then in discounting

**Rhys** *(18:09)*: your rates and like trusting him to pay out that was like there was risk took a big risk there but

**Rhys** *(18:14)*: like it looks sound like it's paying off now long-term mindset man it's a big win question yeah

**Rhys** *(18:20)*: I'm not sure if I'm even though I've just sent it's funny that you used investing in a in thinking

**Rhys** *(18:26)*: about investing into a scaling and marketing agency I'd literally just send a 40,000 the 45,000

**Rhys** *(18:31)*: dollar proposal to remember the the wealth account account and guy from Texas yeah that came round

**Rhys** *(18:40)*: so I'm like I sent off a 40 K proposal no that was just like let's get let's get some primary

**Rhys** *(18:48)*: research done to go into marketing strategy with and then basically yeah it doesn't know what

**Rhys** *(18:56)*: why his customers are buying and now he's tried it he's he's tried to like just wing his own

**Rhys** *(19:01)*: marketing and now he's only realised they're actually like until I realise why my client's actually

**Rhys** *(19:06)*: buy when I'm just flying blind so yeah I am I'll be I'll be I'll be back available around 4 p.m.

**Rhys** *(19:17)*: 4.30 p.m. I got come see ya.

---

*Transcribed with faster-whisper (base)*
